The invention relates to a method for transmitting a signal, a base station and user equipment. The time domain position relationship between the symbols of the reference signal and the symbols of the data configured for multiple user equipment in a subframe satisfies premise one and premise two. The first premise is that the resources required for the reference signal of each user equipment are included in the symbols of a plurality of reference signals, and the second premise is at least one of the following conditions: the multiple reference signals of each user equipment are arranged in the symbols of the reference signals before the symbols of the data of each user equipment, and / or in the symbols of the reference signals after the symbols of the data of each user equipment. As a result, the cost of sending reference signals is effectively saved and the requirements of resource design are met. And some or all of the user equipment can include its reference signal in the symbols of a plurality of reference signals, so that the demodulation performance of the user equipment is further improved.
The invention discloses a 5G communication cable fault monitoring system, which comprises a signal sampling module and a compensation feedback module. The signal sampling module samples the signal of the 5G communication cable, and the signal sampling module is connected with the compensation feedback module. The compensation feedback module uses transistor Q1, capacitor C3, inductor L2 and capacitor C2 to widen the pass band of the high frequency compensation circuit, in order to further ensure the accuracy of filtering the disturbance signal. To avoid the abnormal high level signal breaking down the inductor L3, use the transistor Q4 to detect the AR2 output signal of the operational amplifier, divide the abnormal high signal through the resistance R14, and finally use the operational amplifier AR3 to amplify the signal in the same phase. The transistor Q5 further amplifies the AR3 output signal of the transistor operational amplifier and the potential difference of the transistor Q3 emitter signal. The transistor Q2 feedback signal is used to the operational amplifier AR2 output to further calibrate the peak value of the operational amplifier AR3 output signal. The terminal of 5G communication cable fault monitoring system can respond to 5G communication cable failure in time.
The invention provides a test method and an electronic device. The method comprises the following steps: a target test case is determined based on the selected test task, and at least one test step is determined according to the target test case; the target test environment is selected from at least one test environment, and the target domain name information and target address information are determined according to the target test environment. Based on the target domain name information and the target address information, a test request corresponding to the test step is constructed; the test request is sent to the server side to obtain the test results fed back by the server side.
An antenna azimuth adjusting device comprises two opposite figure 8 brackets (101), a power input motor (102), a driving gear (103), an outer spiral ring (104) and an inner screw (105). The two figure 8 brackets (101) in the opposite direction are matched with each other as basic support, and the driving gear (103) is tangent to the outer edge teeth of the outer helix ring (104), and the axis is parallel fixed and linked through the figure 8 bracket (101). The power input motor (102) is directly or transferred coaxially fixed with the driving gear (103). The power input motor (102) directly drives the driving gear (103), and the driving gear (103) drives the outer ring (104) to rotate, and an inner thread hole is arranged in the center of the outer ring (104). The external thread of the inner screw rod (105) is screwed with the internal thread of the outer ring (104) and passes through the screw hole. The invention changes the tradition, reduces the space demand and enhances the flexibility of the structure layout.
The application provides an optical fiber aging prediction method and a device thereof. the method includes: obtaining the alarm threshold of the optical signal that can be received by the optical fiber module to be tested; and obtaining the optical fiber module to be tested. a plurality of historical optical power sampling values that meet the preset conditions and a plurality of historical sampling time points corresponding to each historical optical power sampling value. The prediction model is obtained by polynomial regression calculation according to multiple historical optical power sampling values and historical sampling time points. Through the prediction model, the optical power of the optical signal received by the optical fiber module to be tested decreases to the aging limit time point of the alarm threshold. In this way, the aging limit time point can be estimated according to the actual aging situation of the optical fiber connected to the optical fiber module to be tested, which makes the estimation of the useful life of the optical fiber more accurate and reliable.
A method of operating a wireless device (1) in a wireless cellular network, the wireless device (1) comprising a communication unit (2), and the wireless cellular network comprising at least two radio access networks (8). The communication unit (2) is configured to communicate with a network node that is part of the wireless cellular network, the network node being associated with the first radio access network The method includes the following steps for a communication unit: detecting whether a second radio access network of the wireless cellular network satisfies a predefined set of access parameters (83), wherein the second radio access network supports an access technology different from the first radio access network, if the detection step indicates that the second radio access network satisfies the access parameter set: sending a connection release indication (S4) to the network node A connection release confirmation message (S5) is received from a network node, and a connection request message (S6) with a selection of the second radio access network is transmitted to the wireless cellular network.
The invention discloses a communication method, a device, a client and a computer storage medium. The method includes: real-time monitoring whether the client and the server communicate through the TCP service in the first preset time period; if not, starting the preset thread in the TCP service to send a protocol packet to the server side to determine whether the client is allowed to switch the communication service from the TCP service to the UDP service; and receiving the first data packet sent by the server side in response to the protocol packet Parse the first packet to get the type of the first packet and the preset encoding in the first packet If the first data packet is the first type of data packet and the preset coding is preset coding, the communication service can be switched from TCP service to UDP service, which can not only maintain the real-time data packet transmission between the client and the server to a certain extent, but also reduce the pressure on the server, save the server resources and save the cost.
The invention discloses a NFV virtual security gateway and a network element device. The NFV virtual security gateway is realized on a virtual machine on a general hardware platform, receives data through a physical network card, and can automatically deploy the gateway function according to the idle load of a plurality of virtual machines and the task of deep identification and pipeline flow control, so as to realize more flexible security prevention and control.
The embodiment of the application provides a downlink synchronization method and device, wherein the network equipment generates a synchronization signal block in each wireless frame according to the frame number of each wireless frame in the transmission cycle of the synchronization signal array set and the time index number of the synchronization signal block in each wireless frame; the transmission period includes two consecutive wireless frames; the synchronization signal array set includes M synchronization signal blocks. Two consecutive wireless frames are then transmitted to the terminal, wherein one wireless frame includes a portion of the synchronization signal block in the synchronization signal matrix set, and the other wireless frame includes another part of the synchronization signal block in the synchronization signal array set. The synchronization signal blocks are included in two consecutive wireless frames, and the synchronization signal blocks in different wireless frames are different, and the frame numbers of different wireless frames can be indicated by the synchronization signal blocks in different wireless frames. The time index numbers of different synchronization signal blocks can also be indicated by different synchronization signal blocks, thus saving the resources needed to indicate the time position of the synchronization signal block.
The invention relates to a method and apparatus (1) for estimating the expected reception quality in a time interval (Δ T2) of vehicle-to-X (C2X) communication, comprising receiving means (2) for obtaining data packets (6pc9). And a memory (4), wherein the memory (4) stores at least one empirically determined parameter for the reception mode (EM) of the data packet (6) in the first time interval (Δ T1), which indicates or can be used to determine the probability (PS) of successfully receiving one data packet (9) or n data packets (9) in a subsequent second time interval (Δ T2), wherein the device (1) is designed to A reception mode (EM) for a first time interval (Δ T1) before the time interval (Δ T2) is determined and a correlation probability (P) for the time interval (Δ T2) is read from the memory (4), wherein a warning message is generated and / or the transmission parameters and / or functions of the driving assistance function are changed based on the probability (P).
The invention relates to an apparatus and a method for generating a second primitive graph matrix P of size (m × n) based on a first primitive graph matrix P of size m × n, wherein the first primitive graph matrix P defines a first code H, wherein the second primitive graph matrix P defines a second code H. The apparatus includes a processor for generating an auxiliary primitive graph matrix of size (masked d) × (nimd) using row splitting based on the first primitive graph matrix P; generating d random integers, wherein d random integers; generating a binary matrix M of size d × (nimble m), wherein the rows of the binary matrix M are generated based on d random integers; and generating matrix M'by raising the binary matrix M. A matrix I of size d × d is generated, wherein the matrix I has a zero cyclic shift as a diagonal element and an empty cyclic shift as a non-diagonal element; a matrix C of size (massid) × d and a matrix C of size d × (massid) are generated, wherein matrix C and matrix C only include empty cyclic shift and other steps.
The embodiment of the invention relates to the communication field, in particular to a shielding method and a device of a wireless communication system, which are used for interfering the time-frequency position occupied by the reference pilot signal of the downlink subframe. In the embodiment of the invention, the configuration information of the cell to be shielded is obtained through empty port listening, and the configuration information includes cell frequency point, frame timing, time slot timing and receiving power; according to the frame timing and time slot timing, the time-frequency position occupied by the reference pilot signal of the cell to be shielded is determined; according to the cell frequency point and receiving power, the co-frequency interference signal is generated. The co-frequency interference signal is loaded into the time-frequency position occupied by the reference pilot signal so that the shielding system loads the interference signal at the time-frequency position occupied by the reference pilot signal of the downlink subframe.
The present application provides a route issuing method and a device. In this application, the network device controls the release speed of the route so that the route is successfully sent to the hardware before it is released, so as to avoid traffic interruption because the route has been issued but has not yet been sent to the hardware.
The first optical transceiver node includes a laser for emitting an input optical signal, a first optical splitter coupled to the laser and used for separating the input optical signal into a LO optical signal and an unmodulated optical signal, and a receiver coupled to the first optical splitter for receiving the LO optical signal from the first splitter. A modulated optical signal is received from a second optical transceiver node, wherein the modulated optical signal is a modulated version of the unmodulated optical signal, and the LO optical signal is used to perform phase noise cancellation of the modulated optical signal.
The invention discloses a method for eliminating inter-network interference in a coexisting wireless domain based on graph coloring theory. The method includes two stages: interference graph construction and graph coloring, in which, in the interference graph construction stage, it is determined whether the uplink communication mode between the source node and the coordinator in the network is transmitted directly or forwarded by relay; then, taking the interference node with the furthest distance from the receiver corresponding to the source node as the reference, the interference set is established for the source node by measuring its interference signal strength. In the graph coloring stage, different time slots are mapped to different colors, firstly, different colors are assigned to the nodes that interfere with each other to alleviate the inter-network interference; then, according to the diversity of data collected by sensor nodes, multiple colors are assigned to the nodes with high data transmission rate, so as to further improve the quality of service (Quality??of??Service,QoS), resource utilization and network capacity of the network.
In an advanced adaptive modulation and coding (AMC) scheme, the code rate and parity matrix (PCM) for low-density parity-check (LDPC) codes are adjusted according to the modulation format and the variable iterative receiver. The degree distribution for PCM adjustment is designed by heuristic optimization to minimize the required SNR through external information transfer (EXIT) trajectory analysis for finite iterative decoding. The method uses dynamic window decoding by generating a spatially coupled PCM for quasi-cyclic LDPC convolutional coding. The method also provides a way to jointly optimize the marking and decoding complexity for high-order and high-dimensional modulation. The problem of using a large number of different LDPC codes for various modulation formats and variable iterative decoding is also solved by linearly dependent PCM adjustments across iterative counts to maintain the use of a common generator matrix. The PCM adjustment can improve the convergence speed of confidence propagation decoding and reduce the problem of error platform.
The invention discloses a real-time monitoring method for the key parameters of continuous variable quantum key distribution, which comprises the following steps: the sending end sends a section of data, the receiving end calibrates the shot noise variance N, and then begins to establish communication. send data frame by frame; the sender sends data frames and monitors the variance of the modulated quantum signal, and the receiver obtains a common data string after measurement. The receiver knows the frame header data of the sender, and after the measurement is completed, the receiver gets the measured value of the data transmitted through the Gaussian attenuation channel. The receiver uses the channel model and parameter estimation algorithm formula to evaluate the channel transmittance T and over-noise variance V After the current frame is sent, wait for the next frame data to be sent, and then the sender and receiver repeat the parameter estimation process of the previous two steps to get the real-time parameter estimation results. The invention reduces the consumption of system resources as much as possible, and obtains good real-time performance.
The invention provides a three-polarization vehicle antenna applied to a 5G??V2X vehicle network communication system, comprising a circular dielectric plate, a square dielectric plate, a feed structure and eight groups of inverted L-shaped units; a circular dielectric plate is arranged under the square dielectric plate, and an omni-directional radiation unit is arranged in the middle of the circular dielectric plate, which is responsible for the 5.85??5.925GHz directly connected communication frequency band. The square dielectric plate is located above the omni-directional radiation unit of the circular dielectric plate, the center of the square dielectric plate and the center of the circular dielectric plate are on the same vertical centerline, and the area of the square dielectric plate is smaller than that of the circular dielectric plate. The square dielectric plate is provided with a directional radiation unit, which is responsible for the directional radiation of the wide coverage in the 3.30 GHz 3.60 GHz frequency band. The antenna also has the characteristics of three-polarization, low cross-polarization, high-end port isolation, wide beam in directional radiation mode, low unroundness in omni-directional radiation mode, and high gain in azimuth plane, which meets the requirements of 5G??V2X.
The utility model discloses a communication antenna adjustment device, which comprises a bottom plate, the top end of the base plate is fixedly connected with a support seat, the top of the support seat is connected with a hinge block through a pin rotation, and the top end of the hinge block is fixedly welded with a communication antenna body. The bottom end of the communication antenna body is hinged with a first screw, the bottom thread of the first screw is connected with a first inner threaded pipe, and the top side of the base plate is provided with a rectangular slot. A plurality of clamping teeth are arranged at equal intervals on one side of the rectangular slotted inner wall, the bottom of the first inner threaded pipe is fixedly sleeved with a transmission gear, and the middle part of the first inner threaded pipe is provided with a translation mechanism. The utility model makes use of the setting of the first screw, the first inner threaded pipe, the rectangular slotting, the clamping tooth and the transmission gear, together with the use of the translation mechanism, to drive the first screw into or protrude the first inner threaded pipe by pulling the first inner threaded tube. the convenience and efficiency of communication antenna adjustment are improved.
The invention relates to a method for establishing a network security tunnel based on port control, which comprises: establishing a bridge master; establishing a connection between a remote client and a bridge master; establishing a connection between a network mapper and a bridge master; a network mapper sends a mapping request command to the bridge master; a bridge master sends a start connection command to the corresponding remote client; the remote client receives the connection command and initiates the connection to the target address. After the connection is successful, the remote client establishes a new connection with the bridging master, which logically associates the newly created data connection of the remote client with the data connection initiated by the network mapper, and is responsible for data forwarding. The network security tunnel establishment method based on port control uses port remote mapping technology to access network services that could not be directly connected, across internal network segments and across firewalls, and adopts centralized management. it can provide highly constrained mapping management in terms of security, and can also use highly flexible dynamic configuration on demand.
The utility model discloses a vertical multi-function management terminal machine, which comprises a body and a shielding frame, which are fixed on a carrier plate, and the shielding frame is located on both sides of the body. The body is provided with a display screen, a control panel and a control area, an intelligent control management system is arranged inside the body, a control motherboard and a power supply are arranged in the control area, and a closed door is arranged on the frame body of the shielding frame. A motor is arranged on the frame body of the shielding frame, and the motor is connected with the closed door through a rotating shaft. The shielding frame on both sides of the body can provide shielding to the periphery of the whole body, which realizes the protection of the body and avoids the damage caused by external factors. At the same time, the cooperation between the inductor, the scanner and the loudspeaker on the shielding frame realizes the user identity authentication and the independent opening of the closed door, achieves the effect of one person, one machine, and effectively protects the privacy of the user.
The present disclosure relates to a control method and device of an electronic device. The method is applied to the control device of the electronic device, including: obtaining the charging interface status information, and the charging interface status information is used to indicate the connection status between the first charging connection end of the charger and the second charging connection end of the electronic equipment. When determining that the port type of the charger is a standard downlink port SDP type and determining that the first charging connection end and the second charging connection terminal are not fully connected according to the charging interface status information, the indication information is output, which is used to prompt the user to set the first charging connection terminal and the second charging connection terminal to a fully connected state. The technical scheme can improve the accuracy of the electronic equipment in determining the port type of the charger, thereby improving the user experience.
The invention discloses a patch antenna structure, which comprises an antenna cover, a metal floor arranged on one side of the radome and kept at a certain distance from the radome, and a feeding patch connected to the side wall of the metal floor on one side of the radome. And an antenna radiation patch attached to the side wall of the radome facing the metal floor, wherein the antenna radiation patch maintains a certain distance from the metal floor to maintain the radio frequency characteristics of the patch antenna. The invention also discloses a base station transceiver and an antenna feeder board. The patch antenna structure, the antenna feeder board and the base station transceiver of the invention reduce the height of the antenna on the premise of ensuring the antenna bandwidth; optimize the structure of the whole machine and reduce the volume of the product.
An antenna structure comprises a metal part, a first matching circuit of a first feed part and a second matching circuit. The metal part comprises a metal front frame, a metal back plate and a metal frame. The metal frame is sandwiched between the metal front frame and the metal back plate. A slot is arranged on the metal frame, the first breakpoint and the second breakpoint are arranged on the metal front frame, and the first breakpoint and the second breakpoint are respectively arranged near the two ends of the slot. The first breakpoint and the second breakpoint are connected with the slot and extend to the metal front frame, and the metal front frame between the first breakpoint and the second breakpoint forms a first radiation section. The first matching circuit includes an extractor. One end of the first feed part is electrically connected to the first radiation section, and the other end is connected to the first feed source and the second feed source through the extractor. The second matching circuit includes a third inductor and a third capacitor. One end of the first radiation section near the second break point is connected to the ground by a third inductor and a third capacitor.
The utility model discloses a broadband dual polarization base station antenna, comprising a base, a motor is fixed at the bottom of the base, a support plate is installed at the top of the rotating plate, one side of the first fixed block is equipped with an electric push rod through bolts, one end of the electric push rod piston rod is provided with a push plate, and one side of the push plate is rotationally connected with one end of the electric push rod through the second fixed block One end of the push plate is rotationally connected with one side of the rotary plate, and the other side of the push plate is equipped with an antenna body through a first bolt. The utility model mainly drives one end of the push plate to move through an electric push rod, so that one end of the antenna body can adjust the tilt angle with the circular rod as the center, and the motor can drive the rotating plate to rotate horizontally 360 °. So that the antenna body can adjust the tilt angle at any angle in the horizontal direction and increase the signal receiving range to a certain extent.
The invention discloses a networking method and a device of an intelligent terminal. The method includes: obtaining the authentication information of the network hot spot located in the target geographical area, which is used to connect the intelligent terminal to the network hot spot; detecting the signal provided by the target network hot spot; finding the authentication information of the target network hot spot in the obtained authentication information of the network hot spot When the authentication information of the hot spot of the target network is found, the authentication information of the hot spot of the target network is used to access the intelligent terminal to the hot spot of the target network. The invention solves the technical problem that the intelligent terminal can not connect the network hot spot when the mobile data base station cannot be linked.
The embodiment of the invention provides a data processing method and a device, wherein, the method comprises the following steps: judging whether the carrying service is a video service; if the carrying service is a video service, determining the definition corresponding to the video service; determining the first bit rate according to the definition, the first bit rate is greater than the basic bit rate, and the basic bit rate is the rate lower limit to guarantee the DRB bearing service. In the process of the DRB carrying the video service, the first bit rate is taken as the minimum bit rate MinBR of the DRB. Thus, the embodiment of the invention increases the data transmission rate corresponding to the video service by increasing the MinBR in the process of DRB carrying the video service, thereby ensuring the fluency of the video.
The embodiment of the invention discloses a method, a device and a computer storage medium for scheduling video memory resources; the method is applied to the video memory management technology of CPU. The method can include: in the process of executing the current rendering task, in response to the graphics processor GPU driver detecting the occurrence of the video memory overflow event, the unified scheduler selects the target rendering context from the inactive rendering context The unified scheduler determines the switched video memory page from the video memory page used to store the target rendering context according to the use frequency state; the unified scheduler switches the switched video memory page out of the video memory, and allocates the switched spare memory page to the active rendering context. Through the above scheme, the video memory resources can be scheduled flexibly and the utilization efficiency of the video memory resources can be improved.
The invention relates to a quantum network drawing method based on multi-particle entanglement, which comprises the following steps: S1, the user participating in the drawing sends identity information to the drawing management organization to complete the registration, and the drawing management mechanism shares the identity key with the user through the QKD transceiver. S2, the lottery management agency prepares the lottery quantum state for the lottery user, and all the particles are regrouped to facilitate subsequent quantum distribution. S3. The lottery management mechanism generates random secret codes and stores them in memory, and uses identity keys and secret codes to prepare test particles for each lottery user. S4. The lottery management agency randomly inserts the test particles into the regrouped lotted quantum state and transmits quantum information through the classical quantum fusion channel. S5??S6, lottery users and lottery management agencies use test particles to verify the identity information of both parties. S7. Quantum state security detection. S8. The drawing user abandons the particles used in the quantum state safety test and measures the remaining particles to obtain the drawing information.
The invention relates to a communication related device, more specifically a communication engineering converter fixing device, which comprises a center rod, a climbing mechanism 1, a climbing mechanism 2, a bottom buffer mechanism, a center shell, a side buffer mechanism, a bottom shell, an internal adjustment mechanism, a base plate structure and a bottom fixed structure. The device has the function of preventing excessive wind power, the device has the function of side anti-collision, and has the function of adjusting and fixing the bottom. It has the function of local height adjustment, and the device also has the function of climbing the inner wall, which is more convenient for installation. The bottom fixed structure is connected with the bottom plate structure, the bottom plate structure is connected with the bottom shell, the bottom shell is connected with the internal adjustment mechanism, the internal adjustment mechanism is connected with the base plate structure, the bottom shell is connected with the central shell, the central shell is connected with the climbing mechanism, the climbing mechanism is connected with the central rod, the central rod is connected with the climbing mechanism, and the central rod is connected with the bottom buffer mechanism. The side buffer mechanism is connected with the bottom shell.
A special layout antenna array includes 3 low frequency radiation units placed in 3 rows, at least 10 high frequency radiation units divided into four groups of high frequency arrays and reflectors. The first group of high frequency array is located between the first row of low frequency radiation units and the second row of low frequency radiation units. The first group of high frequency array is composed of even number of high frequency radiation units, and is arranged neatly in two rows and multiple rows. The second group of high-frequency array is arranged on the left side of the second row of low-frequency radiation units, the third group of high-frequency array is located between the second row of low-frequency radiation units and the third row of low-frequency radiation units, and the third group of high-frequency array is composed of even number of high-frequency radiation units. The fourth group of high-frequency array is arranged in a row on the right side of the fourth row of low-frequency radiation units. The patent avoids physical interference in the combination of multi-band antenna arrays, reduces antenna size and reduces costs, improves the convergence of horizontal plane beams, reduces electromagnetic interference of radiation elements in different frequency bands, and improves the overall performance of antennas.
The invention discloses a quantum state invisible transmission method based on shunt flow transmission in a quantum network. Alice sends an unknown multi-dimensional multi-quantum bit entangled state to Bob, including: Alice notifies the central server of the total number of qudit of the unknown multi-dimensional multi-quantum bit entangled state through the classical channel, and the central server selects the number of transmission paths and the number of relay nodes on the path, so that the qudit is transmitted through p paths in parallel and evenly. With the assistance of each relay node, the central server coordinates, and p quantum channels are established between Alice and Bob; Alice transmits unknown multi-dimensional multi-quantum bit entangled states through different quantum channels to Bob;Bob to perform unitary operation to recover unknown multi-dimensional multi-quantum bit entangled states, and completes the transmission process. The invention realizes the parallel transmission of an unknown multi-dimensional multi-quantum bit entangled state on a plurality of transmission paths, and the link is dynamic and flexible, and can meet the requirements of constructing a complex quantum communication network.
A circular 4G LTE MIMO vehicle antenna comprises a first PCB board, a second PCB board and a third PCB board; the first PCB board and the second PCB board are arranged vertically in space, and the first PCB board and the third PCB board are arranged in parallel in space; the first PCB board is a circular plate, the first PCB board is provided with a third radiator and a fourth radiator, and the antenna ground and slot are arranged on the first PCB board The second PCB board is a rectangular plate, the second PCB board is provided with a second radiator, a first tuner and a second tuner; the third PCB board is a rectangular plate, and the third PCB board is provided with a first radiator; the first PCB board, the second PCB board and the third PCB board are all polytetrafluoroethylene plates with a thickness of 1 mm. The first radiator, the second radiator, the third radiator, the fourth radiator, the first tuner, the second tuner and the antenna ground are all composed of copper foil attached to each PCB board; the PCB board is electrically connected by the copper foil applied.
The invention belongs to the technical field of genetic engineering, in particular to a patent application for new application of inositol transporter iolT1 and iolT2 in xylose transport. In Corynebacterium glutamicum, inositol transporters iolT1 and iolT2 can transport inositol and glucose as well as xylose, which is equivalent to the xylose transport of PTS system (PtsG) in Corynebacterium glutamate, and is complementary to PTS system for xylose transport, and its xylose transport is not inhibited by glucose transport. This discovery will be beneficial to the construction of engineering strains of Corynebacterium glutamate with efficient utilization of xylose, especially to the construction of engineering strains using glucose and xylose simultaneously. This will lay a good foundation for the development of genetic engineering strains with efficient utilization of lignocellulose hydrolysate and other raw materials, and has a good prospect of development and utilization.
The invention provides a production method for co-producing water-soluble fertilizer with industrial-grade ammonium dihydrogen phosphate, which, according to the characteristics of industrial monoammonium mother liquor, turns waste into treasure and is used to produce high-end fertilizer. Water-soluble fertilizer can improve the high-end utilization rate of nutrients, increase the added value of products, and maximize the benefit of industrial-grade monoammonium phosphate and water-soluble fertilizer coupling co-production plant to realize the coupling production of industrial-grade ammonia dihydrogen phosphate and water-soluble fertilizer.
The invention belongs to the technical field of fruit planting and specifically discloses a mango grafting method. The mango grafting method of the invention comprises the following steps: (1) rootstock treatment: selecting 2-3-year-old seedlings, after top cutting and incision, spraying grafting nutrient solution to the cut and incision to obtain rootstocks; (2) scion treatment: selecting 1-year-old branches with full bud eyes, oblique cutting and reverse peeling at the 1??1.5cm under the branch buds to obtain scions (3) grafting: insert the lower end of the scion into the incision of the rootstock and fasten it with a plastic film belt to obtain the grafted seedling; (4) grafting management; wherein, the grafting nutrient solution includes the following raw material components: gibberellin, kinetin, enteromorpha degradation extract, alginic acid, chitosan, iodine and sorbitol. The mango grafting method of the invention effectively improves the survival rate of mango grafting and shortens the sprouting time of grafted seedlings through the rational application of grafting nutrient solution.
The invention belongs to the technical field of plant genetic engineering. It specifically relates to the cloning and application of rice tiller angle gene TAC3. The sequence of TAC3 gene is shown by SEQ ID NO:1, the sequence of cDNA is shown by SEQ ID NO:2, and the encoded protein sequence is shown by SEQ ID NO:3 and 4. The QTL loci related to tillering angle in rice were mapped by GWAS, the range of qTA3 was reduced by LD analysis, and the candidate gene TAC3 was determined by reverse genetics. The function of TAC3 gene was verified by functional acquisition mutant tac3D??1. The expression of TAC3 gene in tac3D??1 was significantly higher than that of wild type ZH11. There were significant differences in tiller angle among different haplotypes of indica rice with TAC3 gene.
The invention relates to a disease-resistant microbial compound agent for preventing and controlling tobacco fungal soil-borne diseases, a biological organic fertilizer and a preparation method thereof, belonging to the technical field of agricultural fertilizer production. The anti-disease microbial agent of the invention comprises Bacillus subtilis, Bacillus amylolyticus, Streptomyces flavus and Trichoderma viride, and the total number of living bacteria of the anti-disease microbial compound agent is 5 × 10cfu/g. The bio-organic fertilizer of the invention is mainly made from the disease-resistant microbial compound bacterial agent and the raw materials of the following weight parts: 5-10 parts of microbial fermentation agent, 75 parts of oil-withered bacteria and 20 parts of straw. The bio-organic fertilizer of the invention has no pollution to the environment, and the effect of preventing and controlling tobacco fungal soil-borne disease is better.
The invention relates to a NAC transcription factor related to the hardening of the top of a golden pear. The nucleotide sequence of NAC transcription factor is shown in SEQ ID NO:1. A NAC transcription factor related to apical hardening of the golden pear was cloned from the golden pear, and its expression level in the hardened fruit was significantly higher than that in the normal fruit. Subcellular localization found that the transcription factor had a nuclear localization signal, and a plant transient expression vector was constructed. Through the injection method, the transcription factor was transiently transferred into the golden pear, and it was found that the pear peel at the injection site was green further deepened and the hardness increased. The symptoms of hardening at the top of the fruit get worse. Obtaining NAC transcription factors plays an important role in elucidating the mechanism of pear apical hardening and improving fruit quality.
The invention discloses a SNP marker related to pig nipple invagination and its application. The SNP molecular marker comprises at least one of the following sites: (1) the MIR138 gene on porcine chromosome 13, the GenBank sequence number: the 27449811bp of the sequence shown by NC_010455.5, the SNP site is rs81256086, and the base change is Tmax C. (2) the ANO10 gene located on porcine chromosome 13, the GenBank sequence number: the 26877847bp of the sequence shown by NC_010455.5, the SNP site is rs327526761, and the base change is Amax G. The above SNP markers can be used to detect the invagination of pig nipples and assist in pig breeding.
The invention discloses a method for adopting high performance liquid chromatography. Diode array detector? Determination of 22 flavonoids and phenolic acids in citrus fruits by fluorescence detector (HPLC??DAD??FLD) It can simultaneously determine 22 phenolic compounds in citrus samples, such as Gallic acid, synephrine, chlorogenic acid, protocatechuic acid, caffeic acid, p-coumaric acid, rhamnoside, palmitoside, ferulic acid, rutin, benzoic acid, rutin, naringin, hesperidin, diosmin, neo-hesperidin, quercetin, naringin, kaempferol, Quercetin, hesperidin, farnesin and other phenols without derivatization. It has high accuracy, high sensitivity and good repeatability.
The invention discloses a gene OsGRF4 and its allele for controlling nitrogen fertilizer utilization efficiency and yield traits and its application. OsGRF4 can promote rice nitrogen absorption, transport and assimilation gene expression and enzyme activity, and then improve rice nitrogen use efficiency; at the same time, OsGRF4 can promote cell division, improve photosynthesis efficiency, and then increase rice yield. The allele OsGRF4 could achieve the synergistic improvement of nitrogen use efficiency and yield in rice without affecting plant height traits. The invention also discloses that the expression of OsGRF4 in high-yield wheat varieties can further improve the nitrogen fertilizer use efficiency and yield increase of wheat. The SNP polymorphism in the promoter and coding region of OsGRF4 gene can be used as a molecular marker to identify rice varieties with high nitrogen use efficiency and high yield. OsGRF4 has a wide application prospect for breeding based on improving nitrogen use efficiency and yield of rice and wheat.
The invention relates to a method for preparing a compound bacterial agent for producing fermented feed for pigs with tail vegetables and straws. The method comprises the following steps: ⑴ evenly mixes milk and brown sugar in proportion to obtain solution A; ⑵ first adds mixed bacterial liquid to the solution A, and then adds 1 part of inorganic salt according to each 1L of solution A, and after mixing evenly, solution B is obtained. ⑶ adds cornmeal to the solution B and stirs evenly to obtain a raw material with a moisture content of 30% to 45%. ⑷ puts the raw material into a container, seals it with a breathable membrane, ferments for 1 to 2 days under the condition of 28 ℃ ~ 36 ℃, when the pH value ≤ 4.5 and the mixed bacteria reaches 20 ~ 20 billion CFU / g, dried, crushed and bagged under aseptic conditions, the pig fermented feed compound bacterial agent is obtained. The invention has the advantages of simple process and low cost, and the obtained compound bacterial agent can improve the fermentation efficiency, improve the feed quality, reduce the nutrition loss and prolong the storage time of the fermented feed.
The invention provides a fertilizer for increasing the content of alliin. Cysteine, glutathione, MnSO ·7HO, urea, abscisic acid (ABA), FeSO ·7ho, or including glutathione, urea, FeSO ·7HO and abscisic acid (ABA), MnSO ·7HO, lactide? Any two components of cysteine; the fertilizer comprehensively increases the alliin content, and the alliin content is detected to reach 4.5%, which is 23% higher than that of the ordinary compound fertilizer. It is far higher than the requirements of the Pharmacopoeia for the content of medicinal alliin, comprehensively improves the quality of garlic, also increases the ability of garlic to resist diseases and insect pests, and has a wide range of applicability in the field of garlic cultivation.
The invention relates to the field of genetic engineering, in particular to glucose oxidase CnGOD19 and its improved enzyme, gene and application. The amino acid sequence of the improved enzyme is shown by SEQ ID NO.5 or SEQ ID NO.6. The improved glucose oxidase CnGOD19A has good enzymatic properties and can be widely used in food, chemical, pharmaceutical and other biotechnology industries.
The invention belongs to the technical field of the determination of plant endogenous hormones, and discloses a chromatographic detection method suitable for the joint determination of plant endogenous hormones, which comprises the following steps: the configuration proportion of the mobile phase of An and B pumps, the flow rate control of An and B pumps, the temperature control of column incubator, and the detection wavelength of detector. The invention has low requirements for the instrument and can be realized by a high performance liquid chromatograph; the joint determination of three plant hormones GA (gibberellin), IAA (auxin) and ABA (abscisic acid) is realized, so that the sample pretreatment operation is simpler, the recovery rate is higher, the separation effect is good, and the constant speed elution has good reproducibility; the most important thing is to save labor, time and medicine.
The invention provides a method for preparing erythritol with soybean dregs as the main raw material. Firstly, the soybean dregs are pre-fermented by using elegant radiation Mucor (A.elegans). By controlling the pre-fermentation conditions, the enzyme system produced by A.elegans is used to fully hydrolyze the macromolecular substances in the soybean dregs, while minimizing the utilization of nutrients by A.elegans, so as to ensure the solubility and availability of the macromolecular substances in the soybean dregs to the maximum extent. Then the erythritol producing strain Y.lipolytica was used as the fermentation strain and the pre-fermented soybean dregs as the only substrate for erythritol liquid fermentation.
Polycyclic derivatives with formula (I) wherein the substituents are as defined in claim 1, and the agrochemically acceptable salts, stereoisomers, enantiomers, tautomers and Nitrosins of those compounds? Oxides can be used as insecticides and can be prepared in a known way.
The invention discloses a semi-floating silverfish culture feed and a preparation method thereof. the feed is composed of animal and poultry offal enzymatic hydrolysate, fish bone meal, Dongting Lake asparagus leaf powder, green hay powder, cottonseed cake powder, soybean cake powder, rapeseed cake powder, Sparrow powder? Dimethyl? beta? Prepared from thitin chloropropionate, Zihe car powder, Daphne seed powder, star anise powder, licorice powder, cinnamon powder, tangerine peel powder, tomato peel powder, locust leaf powder, hydroxypropyl modified starch and water. The prepared feed has a double-layer structure, the inner layer is nutritious, and the outer layer uses a unique formula to attract silverfish. After expanding at low temperature, the product has a rich flavor and has a good inducing effect.
The invention discloses the application of AHL17 gene in improving the generating ability of plant root hair. The present invention provide the following 1)? 3) the application of any of the substances in regulating the ability of plant root hair formation: 1) protein AHL17;2) DNA molecule encoding protein AHL17; 3) recombinant vector, expression cassette, transgenic cell line or recombinant bacteria containing DNA molecule encoding protein AHL17 The invention has been expressed through AtAHL17 to significantly improve the length and density of plant root hair. Because the AtAHL17 is directly derived from plants, it has less risk in biosafety. The invention is of great significance in improving the generating ability of plant root hairs (including the number and length of root hairs), and then applying this method to crop breeding.
The utility model discloses an adjustable feed trough for animal husbandry, which comprises a storage tank assembly, which comprises a feed groove and a clamping piece, wherein the feed groove is located on the left side of the snap fastener, a lower plate is installed on the front facade of the storage tank assembly, a sliding groove block is installed on the front and rear facades of the lower plate, an upper plate is arranged on the top of the lower plate, and a slider body is installed on the front and rear facades of the upper plate. The chute block is slidably connected with the slider body, and a weldment is installed on the rear facade of the savings slot assembly. In the utility model, after the downward displacement of the connecting rod, the spring will bounce back and pull the connecting rod upward after receiving the downward strength of the connecting rod, which can occur after the livestock leaves the upper plate.
The invention relates to a method for preventing stiff seedlings during the root extension stage of planting plastic film on a ridge. the width of plastic film on the surface of the ridge is 60cm / 70cm, the vertical height between the top of the ridge and the ridge is 25cm / 30cm, and the width of the bottom of the ridge is 35cm / 50cm. The top surface of the ridge is curved, the edge of the ridge is inclined, the ridge surface is covered with plastic film, and a vertical planting hole is made on the curved surface of the top surface of the ridge, and the tobacco transplanting seedlings are placed in the vertical planting hole. The method includes drilling an oblique hole on one or both sides of the ridge 5 days after the tobacco seedling is planted vertically. The diameter of the oblique hole is 2cm / cm, the hole depth is 25cm / 30cm, the angle between the oblique hole and the ridge top surface is 44-48 degrees, the vertical distance between the oblique hole surface mouth and the ridge top surface is 3cm-48cm, the vertical distance between the bottom hole and the ridge top surface is 15cm-20cm; the surface area of a plurality of oblique holes is 0.002cm-0.004% of the ridge surface area. The invention has the advantages that the incidence of stiff seedlings at the root elongation stage can be effectively reduced.
The utility model relates to the technical field of an axial flow fan and discloses an axial flow fan with low noise and high temperature resistance, which comprises a shell, the right end of the inner surface of the shell is fixedly connected with a rear bracket, and the middle part of the rear bracket is fixedly connected with a rear plate. the side of the rear plate is fixedly connected with a mounting plate, a motor is fixedly installed between the mounting plate and the rear plate, and the output shaft of the motor is fixedly connected with a rotating shaft. By fixing a fixed ring and a wind baffle on the outer surface of the rotating shaft, the axial flow fan with low noise and high temperature resistance uses the motor rotation to drive the crossbar connected through the fixed ring to rotate, and the second connecting rod between the transverse rods is used to connect the rotating ring to realize that the motor rotates to generate axial flow wind while driving the second fan blade at the rear end to rotate, and the wind guide motor body blown out of the second fan blade through the inclined windshield is used to realize the cooling of the motor. The fan body can adapt to the high temperature working environment and improve the service life of the motor.
The invention relates to a high-speed motor rotor and a high-speed motor, which relates to the technical field of a high-speed motor. The high-speed motor rotor comprises a rotating shaft, a cylinder magnet and a fixed sleeve, wherein the cylinder magnet is arranged on the rotating shaft, and the fixing sleeve interference sleeve is arranged on the cylinder magnet to keep the cylinder magnet and the rotating shaft relatively fixed. The fixed sleeve is designed to limit the position of the cylinder magnet to ensure that the cylinder magnet is firmly fixed on the rotating shaft, so that the risk of cylinder magnet flying off under high-speed rotation can be solved, and the high-speed operation can be realized. At the same time, the cylinder magnet cooperates directly with the rotating shaft, which saves the rotor core, reduces the rotor weight and reduces the motor volume, so as to adapt to the high-speed operation of the motor. Compared with the prior art, the high-speed motor rotor provided by the utility model can greatly improve the structural strength of the rotor, avoid the phenomenon of magnetic steel falling off or loosening, is suitable for high-speed rotation, and is small and lightweight, so it is more suitable for the high-speed operation of the motor.
The utility model provides a suspension position detection device and a vehicle, which relates to the technical field of vehicle suspension position detection, which is used for detecting the relative position between the axle and the frame, including a transmission conversion mechanism and an angle detection mechanism; the transmission conversion device comprises a first transmission part and a second transmission part, the first transmission part is connected with one of the axle and the frame, and the second transmission part is connected with the other The first transmission part and the second transmission part cooperate with each other for converting the relative movement of the axle and the frame into the rotation of the second transmission part, and the angle detection mechanism is used for detecting and recording the rotation angle of the second transmission part. Compared with the existing suspension position detection device, the suspension position detection device is set separately and is not integrated with the hydraulic cylinder, which greatly improves the versatility and reduces the cost. at the same time, the suspension position detection device is also convenient to disassemble and reduce the difficulty of maintenance. improve maintenance efficiency.
The invention provides an on-line maintenance system of a battery pack, which is used for maintaining a battery pack which is in a floating state and is composed of a plurality of batteries connected in series with each other, including a monitoring terminal for real-time detection of the operation of each battery and issuing charging instructions and discharge instructions And an activation device, which is connected with the AC power network and communicates with the monitoring terminal, wherein, the monitoring terminal is provided with a battery information storage section, an operation information acquisition section, an operation information storage section, an information identification section, an information judgment section, a monitoring side communication section and an information processing section, and the activation device has an activation side receiving section, an operation control section, a status switch section and a charging and discharging section. The invention can automatically activate the battery with deteriorated performance, improve the reliability and service life of the battery pack; moreover, the energy in the charging process comes from the AC power grid, and the energy is fed to the AC power network during discharge to reduce energy consumption and save energy.
The invention provides a locking mechanism of a movable unit, a sheet body supply device and an image forming device. The locking mechanism of the invention has a hook, a clamped part and a force applying part, and a movable unit which can be moved relative to the unit main body is clamped at the unit main body. The hook is L-shaped and has a supporting part capable of rotationally supporting the rotational fulcrum of the main body of the unit and a clamping part protruding from the supporting part. The clamped part is formed in a movable unit and can be clamped with the clamping part. The force applying part exerts force on the hook in the direction of the clamping part and the clamped part. The hook has a first side opposite to the clamped part on the front side of the clamping part, and a second side extending from the first side toward the supporting part and tilting away from the rotational fulcrum relative to the first side. When the clamping part and the clamped part are in a clamping state, the clamped part is only connected with the second side.
The invention relates to a rapid release base system and a method. A docking station for fixing and charging a portable computer, such as a handheld terminal, to allow an operator to remove the portable computer easily and quickly. When the docking station is excited, the electromagnetic connector can magnetically hold the portable computer. When the release on the portable computer or plug-in station is activated, the electromagnetic connector is de-energized and the portable computer is detached. In an exemplary embodiment, the docking station is mounted on the vehicle, and when the vehicle is in motion, the electromagnetic connector receives power from the battery of the vehicle. When the vehicle is stopped and closed, the electromagnetic connector can be de-energized, but the portable computer can still be held in place by the mechanical holding port.
The invention relates to the field of clothing processing, in particular to a graphene antibacterial fiber body shaping underwear; the graphene antibacterial fiber body shaping underwear disclosed by the method of the invention does not have the disadvantage that conjoined underwear is not convenient to go to the toilet, and will not be rolled up, and has the characteristics of comfort, convenience and good shaping effect. And it is made of an europium doped graphene antibacterial fiber fabric, which has a good antibacterial effect, and it is also very hygienic and safe to wear close to the body.
The invention relates to a sheet stamping device, comprising a stamping unit comprising a stamping frame, an upper die assembly arranged on the stamping frame and a lower die assembly, wherein the upper die assembly is provided with a magnet for absorbing the material plate A transfer unit is arranged on the stamping frame, which includes a transfer shaft which extends vertically and a transfer rod arranged at the upper end of the transfer shaft, the transfer rod extends horizontally, and the lower side of both ends of the transfer rod is fixed with a magnet two. The upper side of the two ends of the transfer rod is fixed with a magnet three, the magnetism of the magnet three is greater than that of the magnet one, and the end of the transfer rod rotates through the upper part of the feeding plate and the upper part of the die assembly. And a material retaining rod is arranged in the die assembly, and the waste material at the upper end of the material retaining rod against the lower end of the transfer rod falls into the die assembly. By making use of the time interval between the upper die assembly and the lower die assembly, the transfer rod can continuously complete the feeding and unloading action, improve the processing efficiency, and protect the material plate to reduce scratches and improve the quality of the rotor in the later stage.
The utility model discloses a road bridge green belt pruning tool car, which comprises a pipe, a power box, a shell, a box body, a first telescopic rod, a bracket, a slide rail, a slider, an electric push rod, a fixing plate, a cart, a door fan, a base, an installation slot, a threaded rod, a threaded sleeve, a first motor, a second telescopic rod, a pressing plate, a collection cavity, a pump, a second motor and a saw blade. The utility model can adjust the position of the saw blade through the electric push rod, the slider and the slide rail, and then the height can be adjusted through the first telescopic rod, which is convenient to improve the pruning efficiency, and can also control the height when trimming the green belt. The grass shavings produced in the pruning process can be transported to the collection cavity through the pipe and the pump inside the installation slot, and the grass shavings can be extruded through a second motor, a threaded sleeve, a threaded rod, a second telescopic rod and a pressing plate, which is not only convenient to collect grass shavings, but also convenient to deal with grass shavings.
The invention relates to a cement board production process, which mainly comprises the following steps: selecting raw materials, stirring materials, mold forming, demoulding air drying, high temperature drying, flanging drying and stacking maintenance. the flanging equipment used includes an installation frame, a hand push rod, an action roller and a flip kit, and a hand push rod is arranged on the side of the installation rack by welding, and an action roller is arranged on the lower end face of the installation frame by rotating and connecting. A flipping kit is arranged inside the installation frame, and the invention can solve the following problems in the existing cement plate flanging operation: a: when the cement plate flanging operation is carried out, the stress point is often located on the bottom surface of the cement board, which leads to the deformation of the bottom surface of the cement board and seriously affects the quality of the cement board. B: when the flanging angle of the existing cement board is more than 90 °, the cement board is often allowed to fall directly by gravity, which makes the cement board come into direct contact with the ground, resulting in a drop phenomenon, which is very easy to cause the cement plate to break and seriously affect the product quality.
The invention discloses a glass lampshade lock structure, comprising a glass lampshade with a mounting through hole in the center of the top surface, and a locking structure, which comprises a ring member, a wire cutting part, a lampshade supporting bowl and an acrylic part. the wire cutting part is pressed on the ring part and fixed by short screws, and the wire cutting part is arranged under the glass lampshade The lampshade supporting bowl is arranged above the glass lampshade, and the lampshade supporting bowl and the wire cutting part are fixed in the installation through hole position through long screws, an internal thread is arranged on the inner ring surface of the ring member, and an outer thread ring is arranged, and the acrylic part is stuck into the ring part. the outer thread ring is connected with the internal thread of the ring part, and the acrylic part is clamped and positioned by the external thread ring. The structure setting of the invention is reasonable, which can not only quickly and effectively realize the disassembly operation, but also ensure the stability and reliability of the installation, strong applicability and good practicability.
The invention discloses a three-dimensional adjustable device for curtain wall grille, which comprises a first longitudinal glass plate, a second longitudinal glass plate and a three-dimensional adjustable curtain wall fixing bracket. the effect of the invention is as follows: through a unique combination structure formed by a transverse plate, a limit support, a threaded rod and a nut, the glass plate of different thickness can be longitudinally positioned and fixed. Through two adjustable positioning devices with axisymmetric structure at the front end of the transverse panel, the glass plate with the first longitudinal glass plate structure can be positioned at the same time, and the strength of the combination of the first longitudinal glass plate and the second longitudinal glass plate can be increased. as a result, the traditional glass curtain wall adapter system can only be adjusted in two directions and can not adapt to the changing structure system in three directions. It makes it too difficult for workers to lay the curved glass exterior wall, takes a long time, and can not achieve better economic benefits.
The utility model discloses a mould steel plate transmission guide fixing mechanism, which comprises a worktable, a connecting plate is arranged on the top of the worktable, a supporting plate is installed on one side of the connecting plate, and a motor is installed above the supporting plate. a screw is installed on the other side of the connecting plate, and a sliding rod is installed on both sides of the screw, and the screw is fixed through the connecting plate and the motor through screws. One end of the slide rod is provided with an L-shaped fixing plate, the outer side of the slide rod is provided with a guide plate, the upper surface of the guide plate is provided with a card groove, both sides of the card groove are equipped with a spring, and one end of the spring is equipped with a card plate. The outer surface of the card plate is provided with a rubber card strip, and both sides of the guide plate are provided with a fixed plate, and the fixed plate and the guide plate are connected by an electric push rod. The inner side of the fixing plate is provided with a spring, and one end of the spring is provided with a clamping plate. The utility model is convenient for adjustment and improves the adaptability and stability of the device.
The invention discloses a cooling fan driving circuit and cooking utensils, which comprises a current sampling circuit, a signal amplifying circuit and a driving circuit connected sequentially; the current sampling circuit is used for detecting the real-time current in the heating process of the heating device; the signal amplifying circuit is used for amplifying the real-time current detected by the current sampling circuit. The driving circuit is used for controlling the rotational speed of the cooling fan according to the current signal output by the signal amplifying circuit. The invention uses the current sampling signal to drive the fan, which can reduce the temperature sensing packet sampling circuit, reduce the use of MUC resources, reduce the power consumption, and realize the adjustable speed of the fan.
The embodiment of the invention relates to an exoskeleton system with a force component module, comprising an exoskeleton system comprising an outer shell, a power module, a force component module, a first transmission rod and a second transmission rod; the force component module comprises a first power component, a second power component, a third power component and a shell The first power component includes a drive rod and a base, one end of the drive rod is connected with the power module, the other end is connected with the base, and the bottom of the base is provided with a first gear; the second power component includes a second gear and a first transmission shaft, and the second gear meshes with the first gear; one end of the first drive shaft is connected with the second gear The third power component comprises a third gear and a second transmission shaft, wherein the third gear meshes with the first gear; one end of the second transmission shaft is connected with the third gear; the top of the shell is connected with the base; one end of the first transmission rod is connected with the other end of the first transmission shaft; one end of the second transmission rod is connected with the other end of the second transmission shaft.
The invention relates to a line laying and installation construction method, which comprises the following steps: S1, line box placement; S2, transmission line discharge; S3, box cover insertion S4. Transmission line pressing: the transmission line placed in the hub box is divided into multiple strands according to the installation position or type, so that the position of the wire harness divided by the transmission line corresponds to the position of the wire pressing mechanism one by one. When the box cover is placed on the hub box from left to right, the wire pressing mechanism can roll and straighten the wire harness divided by the transmission line; S5, the harness is locked. The wire pressing mechanism comprises a telescopic rod, a telescopic spring, a line pressing support plate, a line pressing wheel, a line pressing side rod, a side rod spring and a spring connecting frame. The invention can solve the problem that when the existing transmission line is placed, the box cover on the line box needs to be removed, and then covered after the transmission line is laid, which can not be straightened when the cable is laid, and the transmission lines will be entangled with each other during the arrangement.
The combined device (102) is configured to lock and test the opening of the valve portion of the actuator, the actuator having a piston rod (104) providing linear motion and connected to a guide block (108) in the actuator, wherein the combined device includes a device housing (102a) having a housing hole, wherein the device housing is adapted to be mounted on a seat on the actuator The seat aligns the device housing hole coaxially with the translation axis of the piston rod An extension rod (109) adapted to be attached to a guide block connected to the piston rod; at least two sliders or a special-shaped hole indexing sleeve (106) arranged in the device housing, both of which act as a mechanism for restricting the movement of the extension rod when engaged, so that the mechanism prevents the movement of the extension rod and prevents the driving member of the actuator from rotating relative to the actuator housing during use A housing cover mounted above the device housing, wherein the housing cover protects and maintains the extension rod and a slider or indexing sleeve in the device housing, and a spring biased safety pin mounted on the housing cover, wherein the spring offset safety pin is constructed to prevent accidental actuation of the actuator; and a tubular cover for protecting the extension rod.
The non-pneumatic tire (1) of the invention comprises an mounting body (11) which can be mounted on the axle, an outer cylinder body (13) that surrounds the mounting body (11) from the radial outside of the tire, and a tire face (16) that surrounds the outer cylinder body (13) from the radial outside of the tire. And a connecting member (15), which connects the mounting body (11) with the outer cylinder body (13) to be able to move freely, wherein the outer circumference of the outer cylinder body (13) is welded with a spiral strengthening layer (20). The spiral strengthening layer (20) is formed by spirally winding a base line body embedded with one cord (42) or a plurality of parallel cord (42) in the cover body to the peripheral surface of the outer cylinder body (13).
The invention discloses an autonomous feeding device for bait for fish culture, which comprises a pond body, a metal frame arranged in the pond body, a set of circular clamping rails arranged in the metal frame, and a feeding silo, which is sliding arranged on a set of annular clamping rails. The feeding bin includes a plurality of feeding tubes in which the lumen are interconnected, a reel which is fixed above the crossbar through a bracket, and a motor which drives the reel. The rope is wound on the reel; the filling device is detachably connected with the feed port of the uppermost feeding tube of the plurality of feed pipes through the feed filling port; a horseshoe-shaped pick ring fixed below the feed filling mouth; and a feed bin, which is connected with the other end of the feed filling tube. The invention can concentrate the fish feed into the water body in the pond body, and the fish can feed automatically instead of feeding, which not only greatly reduces the waste of the feed, but also avoids the pollution of the feed to the water body, and greatly reduces the cost of fish culture in the pond body.
The invention discloses a bottom net detachable cage system, which comprises an anchor foundation, a cage frame and a side net installed below it. A bottom net is arranged at the bottom of the side net, and a sinker is suspended at the lower end of the side net. The bottom net consists of the bottom net frame and the bottom net clothes bound internally, and the bottom net frame is tied to the vertical force end of the side net. The outer wall of the side net is bound with a plurality of floating bags distributed at intervals from top to bottom, and each floating bag is provided with a charging and exhaust pipe. When the net clothing is replaced, each floating bag is inflated based on the filling and exhaust pipe to make the net coat float. The bottom net frame and the bottom net fixing frame restrain and fix the side net, thereby reducing the volume loss rate of the net coat; the bottom net is detachable to facilitate all kinds of breeding operations; the side net adopts synthetic fiber net clothing and the bottom net adopts metal net clothing, which gives full play to the advantages of various materials; the side net is bound to a plurality of floating bags, and the buoyancy of the inflated floating bag can make the net coat float automatically and facilitate all kinds of operations.
The invention discloses a mechanical strength testing device, wherein a frame body is arranged on the base, the frame body is hinged with the upper end of the swing rod, the lower end of the swing rod is fixed with an impact hammer, and the outside of the arc swing track of the impact hammer is provided with a first ratchet. the first ratchet is fixed on the frame body, and the first ratchet is sliding connected with a positioning device for fixing the initial swing position of the impact hammer. A first pawl matched with the first ratchet is hinged on the positioning device The first ratchet and the first pawl cooperate so that the positioning device is stably located at the required height position of the first ratchet, and the positioning device is connected with a detachable connecting rod of the impact hammer; the frame body is located on the right side of the first ratchet and is provided with an installation position for fixing the parts to be tested. The device of the invention has the advantages of simple structure, safe and reliable testing process, saving manpower and testing time in the testing process, and improving the working efficiency of the testing.
The invention discloses an anti-deformation metal pipe drilling equipment, which comprises a multi-head metal bit, a bit control box, a hydraulic lift rod, a hydraulic rod connecting seat and a fixed base. The top of the multi-head metal bit is connected with the bit control box. The bit control box is connected with the hydraulic rod connecting seat through a hydraulic lifting rod, and the hydraulic rod connecting seat is tightened above the fixed base by a nut. The multi-bit metal bit is composed of a bit connection shaft, a conversion connector and a conversion bit, the conversion connector is connected to the bottom of the bit connection shaft, and the top end of the conversion bit is embedded in the conversion connector. By converting the bit, the drilling equipment can be quickly replaced according to the use requirements, without the need to disassemble the bit, and the orderly manual twisting operation can be used to avoid the problem that the bit is lost and can not be replaced. Easy to preserve At the same time, there are three kinds of bits, including cruciform, hexagonal and octagonal, which are used more widely.
The utility model discloses a camera module adjustment device, which comprises a camera module, a camera lens adjustment module, a light source module, a light source adjustment module, a horizontal pendulum adjustment module and a glass feeding module. The glass feeding module is used for transporting the glass to be detected to a specified position. The horizontal pendulum adjustment module is used to adjust the tilt angle of the camera module and the light source module in the YZ plane, the light source adjustment module is used to adjust the lighting angle of the light source module, and the camera lens adjustment module is fixedly connected with the camera to adjust the angle of the camera module. The device can accurately adjust the projection angle of the light source at the arc edge of the glass cover, the focus of the camera lens and the tilt angle of the camera swinging back and forth, and in the process of adjustment. The adjustment of the light source angle and the adjustment of the camera module do not interfere with each other.
The utility model relates to a computer network information security device, which comprises a box body, a round hole is arranged on the right side of the box body near the upper end, a transverse cylinder is arranged in the round hole, and the cylinder can move and rotate laterally in the round hole. Horizontal inserting rods are symmetrically arranged on both sides of the inner end face of the round hole, and the left side of the left end of the inserting rod is provided with a horizontal shaft. The left end of the horizontal shaft is in contact with the pressure sensor, and the outer diameter and the number of teeth of the first gear and the second gear are the same. When the invention is in use, the user first rotates a number of first gears at random angles respectively, and the cylinder needs to be rotated so that the angle value of the indicator block on the dial is the same as the angle data of the corresponding first gear. at this time, the insertion rod coincides with the through hole on the first gear, and the owner of the invention will receive the alarm notice in time and take appropriate action through the handheld terminal. Compared with the traditional physical protection method, the invented opening mode is more difficult to crack and more secure.
The application relates to a lighting device for a warp knitting machine, which relates to the technical field of the warp knitting machine, which improves the problem that the installation lamp is not stable enough, which includes an installation beam arranged in the discharge part of the warp knitting machine, the installation beam is symmetrically provided with an installation groove, the installation groove is installed with an installation block, and a buffer for cushioning vibration is arranged between the installation block and the installation groove wall. The installation beam is provided with a connecting groove running through the installation beam to the outside, a rotating shaft is rotated between the installation blocks, a roller is symmetrically arranged on the outer periphery of the rotating shaft, the roller is wound with a rope, and one end of the rope is fixed on the roller. The other end of the rope is provided with an installation seat, the installation seat is provided with a lighting lamp, and the installation beam is provided with a control component for controlling the rotation of the rotating shaft. The application has the effect of strengthening the installation stability of the lighting lamp.
The invention provides a curved surface checking device and a curved surface checking method applied in the technical field of curved surface checking. The curved surface is a single concave surface or a single convex surface. The surface checking method includes selecting a plurality of measuring points on the surface, calculating the minimum radius of curvature of each measuring point, and comparing the minimum radius of curvature of all the measuring points to obtain the measuring point with the minimum radius of curvature and the minimum radius of curvature. The invention checks the minimum radius of curvature of the outer surface of the glass in a quantitative way, and can be used to check different kinds of glass, and uniformly check the minimum radius of curvature of the glass in a quantitative way, which can effectively improve the checking efficiency of the glass.
The invention relates to the technical field of broach and discloses a quick-detaching broach installation structure, which comprises a broaching machine body, the internal activity of the broaching machine body is provided with a piston pull rod, and the top of the broaching machine body is provided with a pull groove. By placing the broach body on the inside of the card holder and the rubber sleeve, the flat gasket ring is placed on the second fixing bolt through the socket, then inserted into the second fixing nut and rotated for the first time, then the first fixing rod and the second fixing rod are pushed by the hook plate, and the first fixing rod and the second fixing rod move opposite to each other in the interior of the movable groove. When the first fixing rod and the second fixing rod touch the limiting block, the first fixing rod and the second fixing rod happen to be stuck on the outer surface of the broach body, and the insert block is inserted inside the card block, and then the left side of the broach body is fixed by the first fixing bolt and the first fixing nut, thus achieving the purpose of convenient installation and disassembly.
The utility model discloses an aluminum alloy curtain wall panel, which adopts the structural design of two strengthening ribs which are cross-arranged and connected with the corner code, which can greatly transfer the stress point of the aluminum alloy curtain wall board from the corner code to the strengthening rib. The reinforcing rib can be used as a support frame to support the entire aluminum alloy curtain wall panel, which can play a good strengthening role. The aluminum alloy curtain wall panel of the utility model comprises a curtain wall board, a reinforcing rib and an angle code, and also comprises a retainer; the curtain wall board is a rectangular structure, and the angle codes are four and are respectively arranged on the four sides of the curtain wall panels; the reinforcing ribs are two, and the two ends of the reinforcing ribs are connected with the two corner codes arranged relatively The two reinforcing ribs cross each other and define the crossing position as a crossing point, and the retainer is arranged at the crossing point; two slots accommodating the reinforcing ribs are arranged on the fixture; the fixture is fixed on the bottom surface of the curtain wall board.
The invention discloses a disassembly and flipping machine for scrapped vehicles, belonging to the technical field of car disassembly, which comprises a chassis locking mechanism, a flipping mechanism, a lifting mechanism, a car body limiting mechanism and a disassembly table. the car body limiting mechanism comprises a car body clamping assembly and a roof limiting assembly, and the chassis locking mechanism includes two chassis locking components with the same structure and interval setting. The two chassis locking assemblies include a fixing frame, a material transfer part and two symmetrically arranged pressing parts, and the material transfer part is arranged at the top of the fixing frame. The invention can complete the fixed operation of the car body of different vehicle models through the car body limit mechanism, so that the car body will not shake in the process of rotation and lifting, so as to meet the needs of different vehicle models, and the car body limit mechanism can clamp and lift the car body, and the chassis locking mechanism can lock the car body chassis, thereby assisting workers to disassemble the car shell.
The invention discloses a device for detecting the service life of a coupling, which comprises an equipment base, a power end with an output shaft and a load end with an input shaft. The power end is installed on the equipment base through a lateral translation mechanism. The lateral translation mechanism is used to adjust the radial deviation between the output shaft and the input shaft. The load end is installed on the equipment base through a circumferential rotation mechanism, and the circumferential rotation mechanism is used for adjusting the angle between the output shaft and the input shaft. The beneficial effect of the invention is that the equipment can be used to test the service life of three types of couplings, can reduce the purchase quantity of the test equipment, and greatly reduce the test cost.
The invention relates to a high strength porcelain aluminum veneer for curtain wall. The curtain wall uses a high-strength ceramic aluminum veneer, including a plate main body, and the rear end face of the plate main body is fixedly equipped with a strengthening pipe rack, an auxiliary pipe rack and a termination pipe bracket, and the reinforcement pipe rack, the auxiliary pipe rack and the termination pipe rack constitute a reinforcement group, and the auxiliary pipe rack in the reinforcement group is several groups, and the reinforcement pipe rack and the termination pipe rack are respectively located at both ends of the reinforcement group A gap is retained between the reinforced pipe rack, the auxiliary pipe rack and the terminating pipe rack, an air hole running through the main body of the plate part is arranged in the gap, an adding piece is slidably installed in the reinforced pipe rack, and an auxiliary part is slidably installed in the auxiliary pipe bracket. a connecting rod is fixedly connected between the auxiliary parts, and the reinforced part is moved to the interior of the auxiliary pipe rack The high-strength porcelain-aluminum veneer used for the curtain wall has the advantages of simple structure and flexible use. after one production, the manufacturer can meet the two needs of the users, and the preparation cost is low, so it is easy to popularize and use.
The utility model discloses a double-head bolt structure which is convenient for docking, comprising a regulating tube and a shell, a connecting device is installed on both sides of the regulating pipe, the regulating pipe is fixedly connected with the shell through the connecting device, and the inner side of the shell is fixedly connected with a built-in bolt. A pad is arranged at the bottom of the shell, a rectangular groove is arranged in the middle of the shell, a ring tube is installed in the middle of the regulating tube, and an external ring is installed in the outer middle of the ring tube. The operator turns the knob and drives the wide-mouth bolt to move to the inside or outside through the limiting thread groove on the lower side of the knob, so as to control the protruding length of the narrow-mouth bolt and provide great convenience for the operator. at the same time, when connecting the connections on both sides, the double ends of the bolts can be rotated at the same time by controlling the adjusting pipe, which is easy to use.
The invention provides a pontoon locking device and a water equipment. The pontoon locking device is used for connecting at least two pontoon boxes, comprising two connecting components and connectors. The two connecting components are arranged on the two pontoon boxes at intervals in the vertical direction. The connecting assembly includes two pontoon locking members arranged on two pontoon boxes one to one, and a locking member that locks the two pontoon locking members together and restricts the two pontoon locking members to separate in the horizontal direction, the connecting member is connected with the locking parts of the two connecting components, and the locking parts of the two connecting components are restricted to separate in the vertical direction. The invention connects and fixes the floating box locking parts arranged on the floating box body horizontally through the easily disassembled locking parts, and at the same time realizes the vertical fixing of the locking parts and the floating box locking parts through the easily disassembled connecting parts.
The utility model belongs to the cloth field and relates to a thermal insulation double-layer pattern cloth and a sofa bed using the fabric. The thermal insulation double-layer pattern cloth comprises an insulation layer, which is interwoven with a warp yarn and a weft yarn. The warp yarn adopts a cotton yarn of 30 ram 2, and the weft yarn adopts a cotton yarn of 14 inch 2; the insulation layer comprises a pattern set by a square cycle, and the pattern is formed by interweaving 12 warp yarns and 12 weft yarns The weft yarn is divided into an upper layer weft yarn and a lower layer weft yarn, and the upper layer weft yarn and the lower layer weft yarn have the same material; the far red outer layer is arranged on the inside of the insulation layer. The sofa bed comprises a cushion, a cushion, a pillow cushion and a support frame; the cushion, cushion and pillow cushion all include a coat and an inner lining arranged in the coat, and the coat of the cushion, the coat of the cushion and the coat of the pillow cushion are all made of thermal insulation double-layer pattern cloth.
The invention discloses a watering and fertilization device for wheat planting, which comprises a box body, one side of the box body is provided with a handle, a roller is arranged under the box body, and two first sliding rods are fixed in the box body. A drawer-shaped filter screen is arranged on the first sliding rod, and a feeding hopper is arranged on the box body, and the feeding hopper is located on the top of the drawer-shaped filter screen. The drawer-shaped filter network is provided with a number of two groups of fixed blocks, the number of each group of fixed blocks is two, and a second slide bar is arranged between each group of fixed blocks, and a movable column is arranged on the second slide rod. a connecting plate is arranged on the movable column, and a first opening is symmetrically arranged on the connecting plate. Beneficial effect: the fertilizer can be fully mixed with water, and fertilized through water pump, which greatly reduces the use of fertilizer, increases the efficiency of fertilization, and reduces the probability of watering and flushing fertilizer. so that plants can absorb fertilizer quickly.
The invention discloses a method for improving the anti-cavitation performance of the impeller to improve the cavitation performance of the first stage impeller of the multi-stage pump and the performance of the multi-stage pump under large flow conditions. The invention is realized by the following technical proposal: an inducer is installed in front of the first stage impeller of the pump, the Archimedes helix surrounds the long blade with a gap in the impeller, and a gradually increasing gap of 1mm~2mm is opened at the position of the head of the long blade, and the angle between the direction of the gap and the flow direction is an acute angle. According to the impeller inlet diameter, width, blade inlet flow angle and inlet attack angle, the blade inlet throat area and impeller inlet cross section area are calculated, and the ratio of blade inlet throat area to impeller inlet cross section area is greater than 0.28. The working face of the blade inlet is polished to make it close to the streamline, so as to reduce the impact of the liquid flow into the blade. At the same time, in the working face of the blade inlet, the impact angle of the blade inlet is increased so as to increase the cross-flow area of the blade inlet and reduce the exclusion of the blade.
The utility model relates to a large air volume pump with inflating and pumping functions, which comprises a cylinder seat with an assembly hole, a piston unit which can be lifted and lowered, and an air control mechanism. The piston unit cooperates with the cylinder seat to define a first air chamber and a second air chamber located above the assembly hole. The air control mechanism includes a valve stem rotatably installed in the assembly hole, the valve stem has two charging channels and two exhaust ports, and the air control mechanism also includes a charging valve group installed in the charging passageway and an exhaust valve group installed in the exhaust port. With the cooperation of the structure, when the pump is connected with an inflatable object, a pipe fitting connected with the inflatable object can be prevented from moving up and down with the piston unit, so as to prevent the pipe fitting from falling off in the course of use. and the purpose of hindering the operation.
The invention discloses a folding and telescopic marine guardrail which can be used as a lower passenger plate, comprising a ship hull, wherein the ship body is provided with a notch, and the two notches are respectively connected to two lower ends of the pedal guardrail through a rotation shaft. The left and right sides of the pedal guardrail are respectively installed with a left guardrail and a right guardrail, and the two lower ends of the left guardrail and the right guardrail are fixedly connected to the ship body. The folding and telescopic ship guardrail which can be used as a lower passenger board can be easily used as a guardrail, and can be used as a lower passenger board, so that the ship or wharf does not need to be equipped with metal plates, which not only helps to reduce the burden of the staff. and can avoid the embarrassing situation that the ship or wharf forgets to be equipped with metal plates, and the guardrail has the advantages of simple operation, stable structure and convenient for staff to operate and use.
A double pulse backblowing ash cleaning device comprises a car body and a box body, the bottom of the car body is provided with a dust suction disk, a cloth bag is arranged in the box body, and the cloth bag is connected with an induced draft fan, and the dust suction disk is connected with the box body through a vacuum pipe. A plurality of groups of dust suction components are arranged in the box body, and the dust suction assembly includes an air duct, and a plurality of cloth bags are connected at the bottom of the air passage; a connecting cylinder is connected at the end of the airway, and the upper and lower parts of the connecting tube are respectively connected with a reverse blower and a negative pressure cylinder. The connecting tube is provided with a control valve which can control the alternation of the reverse blower and the negative pressure tube and the connection of the connecting cylinder; the reverse blower is connected with a pulse air generator, and the negative pressure cylinder is connected with the induced draft fan. The utility model effectively solves the problem that the dust removal effect of the conventional dedusting device is poor after dust accumulation in the cloth bag in the current dedusting vehicle.
The invention relates to a laminating device and a laminating process, wherein the laminating device is used for attaching the membrane material to the substrate, and the laminating device comprises a substrate supply unit for providing the substrate, a membrane material supply unit for providing the membrane material, a heating preforming unit for preforming the membrane material to match the shape of the membrane material with the substrate, and a laminating unit for attaching the membrane material to the substrate And a control unit for controlling the substrate supply unit, the membrane material supply unit, the heating preforming unit and the laminating unit. The laminating equipment and the laminating process realize the single machine operation of curved surface fitting, especially four-curved surface fitting, by preforming the membrane material by heating the preforming unit without additional off-line forming equipment. At the same time, the membrane material is preformed by the heating preforming unit, so that the membrane material has a fitting surface suitable to the adhesion surface of the substrate after preforming, so that in the subsequent bonding process, there is no need to use the carrier tension membrane material for shaping and adhesion.
The utility model discloses a concrete filled steel tube shear wall coated with concrete on the side, which comprises a wall limb steel pipe cavity composed of a limb plate, a corner steel pipe and a number of wall limb section steel welds, wherein the extension length of both sides of the limb end plate relative to the wall limb steel pipe cavity is not less than 20mm, the core concrete is filled inside the wall limb steel pipe cavity, and the outer side of the wall limb steel pipe cavity is provided with coated concrete. The thickness of the coated concrete is the same as the extension length of the limb plate, the side of the closed cavity which needs to be filled with core concrete is provided with holes for concrete to pass through, and the holes are distributed in array or plum blossom shape. the core concrete inside the steel tube cavity of the wall limb and the coated concrete on the outside are connected as a whole through the hole. The concrete inside and outside the steel tube is poured at the same time to form a whole through the hole connection, which can effectively prevent the shedding of the coated concrete in the use stage. at the same time, the concrete outside the pipe can solve the corrosion and fire resistance of steel plates on both sides, which is suitable for prefabricated production and low construction cost.
The invention discloses a lamp in which a shade plate for electric power operation slides vertically on a lampshade, which relates to the technical field of electric power fittings Include a lamp holder (1) and a lamp shade (2) arranged at the top of the lamp holder (1), and also include a light shading plate (3) movably connected with the lamp holder (2), a first sensor, a controller and a wireless communication device arranged on the lamp holder (1) for knowing the use status of the lamp, a sliding slot (4) is arranged on the lamp shade (2), and a slider (5) is arranged on the light shade (3). A handle (6) is arranged on the slider (5), and the slider (5) slides with the sliding groove (4). The first sensor is connected with the controller and communicates unidirectionally, and the controller is connected with the wireless communication device and communicates unidirectionally; through a lamp frame, a lampshade, a shade, a first sensor, a controller and a wireless communication device, etc., it is realized to grasp the working hours of the lamp in time and to reduce interference to others.
The invention discloses an automobile parts processing equipment, which comprises a material handle cutting mechanism, an air tightness detection mechanism and a cleaning mechanism arranged in sequence, and the adjacent mechanisms are connected by conveying parts. the material handle cutting mechanism comprises a cutting table, a protective device, a cutting part and a lifting device for driving the up and down movement of the cutting part. The airtight detection mechanism comprises a bracket, a water holding tank which can move up and down on the bracket, and a supporting platform arranged above the water holding tank; the supporting platform is provided with a worktable and a pressing part, and a first placing seat and a first air intake assembly are arranged on the worktable. In the invention, an air-tightness detection mechanism is arranged on the equipment, so that the workpiece will pass the air-tightness detection before the operation out of the warehouse, so as to ensure that the workpieces after leaving the warehouse are qualified products with good air tightness, and the air leakage will not occur in the automobile braking system, so as to achieve good safety.
The imaging apparatus includes an image sensor having a plurality of pixels, a plurality of phase pixels including in the plurality of pixels and outputting a first signal indicating the intensity of the light, a first adjusting section, which adjusts the gain of the plurality of phase pixels according to the first signal, and an autofocusing section that adjusts the focus of the image according to the second signal output of the plurality of phase pixels after the gain adjustment. The compensation section generates and outputs a compensation signal based on the signal output of the plurality of pixels, the compensation signal indicating the intensity of the light received by the plurality of phase pixels, and the second adjusting section, it determines the exposure and gain used to capture the image according to the signals output by the plurality of pixels, and applies the exposure and the gain to the plurality of pixels And an image processing section that inputs the compensation signal and the output signal of the plurality of pixels to which the exposure and the gain are applied to generate image data.
The embodiment of the application discloses a menu display method and a device, in which a plurality of first menu items can be displayed sequentially in a display interface. After obtaining a trigger operation for a target menu item in the first menu item, a plurality of first menu items can be flipped into a plurality of second menu items corresponding to the target menu item. If the trigger action is selected, the flip direction of the first menu item is the first direction. The second menu item is the subordinate menu item of the target menu item. if the trigger operation is a return operation, the flip direction of the first menu item is the second direction, and the second menu item is the superior menu item of the target menu item, that is to say, the first menu item and the second menu item can be displayed in the same area, while the first menu item and the second menu item are menus of different levels, which can save menu display area and improve menu display efficiency.
The invention relates to the technical field of air conditioning, in particular to a multi-drag air conditioner and a self-cleaning control method thereof. Specifically, the one-towed multi-air conditioner of the invention comprises an outdoor unit and an indoor unit, and the indoor unit comprises a first indoor unit and at least one second indoor unit. The self-cleaning control method of the invention includes: when all indoor units of the air conditioner are in cooling condition, the first indoor unit executes the self-cleaning mode; the electronic expansion valve corresponding to the second indoor unit is closed. The control method of the invention ensures that sufficient refrigerant circulates in the pipeline system of the first indoor unit by closing the electronic expansion valve of the second indoor unit, so that the frosting of the first indoor unit can be fuller, the peeling and scouring effect of dust and dirt is better, and the self-cleaning effect is improved.
The present invention discloses a system and method for predicting frequencies associated with future losses and associated automation operations for loss resolution units, the system and method for predicting frequencies associated with future losses and loss distributions of each risk of a plurality of operating units (30) having at least one measurable liability exposure risk (31) by means of an independently operated liability risk driver (311 liability exposure 313) And an associated automatic operation of the loss solving unit (40) by means of a control unit controller (10). In the loss unit (20,... In the case of loss at 26), the measurement parameters are measured and transmitted to the control unit controller (10). The control unit controller (10) dynamically assigns the measurement parameters to the liability risk driver (311 risk driver 313) and adjusts the operation of the loss resolution unit (40) by solving the losses incurred by means of the loss resolution unit (40).
The invention discloses a combined easy maintenance and placement shell of an intelligent wearable device, which comprises a housing, a placement structure and a limit structure. A holding cavity is arranged in the middle of the shell, and a sliding groove is symmetrically embedded on both sides of the holding cavity. The sliding fit between the sliding grooves is provided with a placement structure, and the placement structure is connected in the holding cavity through the limit structure. The placement structure and the bottom of the housing cavity are elastically connected by a compression spring, the placement structure is composed of a cushion plate and an equipment shell, the cushion plate is provided with a lighting structure, and the lighting structure controls the circuit path through the movable clamp. The invention can be used as the opening mode of the lighting structure through the movable card connection of the shell and the placement structure, and can illuminate automatically after the placement structure pops up, which can not only be used for general lighting, but also provide convenience during maintenance.
The utility model discloses an electronic communication device with moistureproof and dust removal, comprising a shell, a heat dissipation port is arranged on both sides of the shell, a mounting frame is fixedly connected at the bottom of the shell, a breathable round hole is arranged on the lower surface of the mounting frame, a small exhaust fan is fixedly installed inside the breathable circular hole, the surface of the shell is movably equipped with a moisture proof box, and the inner wall of the moisture proof box is threaded connected with a sealing cover. One side of the shell is provided with an antenna hole, and one side of the antenna hole is provided with a mesh hole. The electronic communication equipment with moisture proof and dust removal can discharge the dust entering into the device through the setting of a round ventilation hole and a small exhaust fan to achieve the purpose of dust removal, and through the setting of the moisture proof box and the sealing cover, desiccant can be added to play the role of moisture proof, through the setting of the slide and the dust proof slide cover, the dust can be prevented from falling into the mesh hole and the connection of the network cable can be affected.
The invention provides a cultivation device and a method for compensating the oxygen loss of the crop root layer. the cultivation device comprises a cavity containing a bottom and a cultivation medium, and the side wall and / or bottom surface of the cavity is provided with a porous film. the side wall and / or the bottom of the cavity are provided with air holes, the proportion of pores with a pore diameter of 150 ~ 500 μ m in the porous film is more than 45%, and the porosity of the porous film is more than 60%. The cultivation device provided by the invention and the method for compensating the oxygen loss of the crop root layer can effectively compensate the oxygen consumption of the root zone on the inner wall of the cultivation device, increase the oxygen supply of the root system, and improve the crop growth environment. The method provided by the invention has the advantages of simple operation and cost saving.
The invention discloses a dustproof mobile phone shell with a bracket, comprising a mobile phone shell, wherein the mobile phone shell is provided with an opening to the left and is used for storing the mobile phone, and the right end wall of the storage cavity is provided with a supporting mechanism for supporting the mobile phone. the lower end wall of the storage cavity is provided with a dustproof mechanism for plugging holes, and the dustproof mechanism comprises a rotating cavity opening to the right, and a mobile cavity is arranged in the lower end wall of the storage cavity. The left end wall of the mobile cavity is provided with two lifting cavities connected with the outside and the mobile cavity. The device has the advantages of simple structure and convenient operation, and automatically completes the dustproof protection of the headphone hole, the charging hole and the voice input hole of the mobile phone through mechanical transmission. According to the need, the dustproof can be completed by simple operation, which greatly facilitates the protection of the mobile phone, and the mobile phone shell is provided with a bracket. And when using the bracket, the dustproof protection can be opened automatically, which makes the use of the mobile phone more convenient.
The utility model discloses a rotor structure of a small brushless DC motor, comprising a rotor shaft corresponding to the position of the stator winding, and a detachable magnet component is arranged on the outside of the rotor shaft. The right end of the rotor shaft is coaxially provided with a first positioning shaft, the right end of the first positioning shaft is provided with a first transmission shaft, and the left end of the rotor shaft is provided with a second positioning shaft. The left end of the second positioning shaft is coaxially provided with a second transmission shaft, and the left end of the second drive shaft is provided with a second chamber for air intake, and the second chamber extends to the interior of the rotor shaft. The left side of the rotor shaft is provided with a number of cold air vents connected with the second chamber. The utility model is designed in view of the disadvantages of the existing device, and a detachable magnet component is arranged, which facilitates the later maintenance of the device. The heat dissipation parts are set up to promote the rapid replacement of internal and external air, which effectively improves the heat dissipation effect of the device, ensures the working performance of the device, and has strong practicability.
The invention discloses a cage type automatic feed feeding device for fish culture, which comprises a cage body which is provided with a metal frame connected by a longitudinal rod and a transverse bar, a set of slide rails arranged in the metal frame, and an automatic feeding silo, which is sliding on a group of slide rails, and the automatic feeding silo includes a plurality of feeding tubes which are evenly spaced and parallel arranged. The filling device is detachably connected with the feed port of the uppermost feeding tube of the plurality of feed pipes through the feed filling port, and the horseshoe shaped pick ring is fixed below the feed filling port, and in the vertical direction, the opening of the horseshoe shaped plucking ring is located directly above the free end of the hat body; and the feed bin is connected with the other end of the feed filling tube. The invention can concentrate the fish feed into the water body in the cage, and the fish can feed automatically instead of feeding, which not only greatly reduces the waste of the feed, but also avoids the pollution of the feed to the water body, and greatly reduces the cost of raising fish in the cage.
The invention discloses a casting of a water pump shell, which relates to the field of a water pump, in order to solve the problem that the water pump shell in the prior art cannot be stable for a long time when it is used. A limited position block is arranged below the supporting rod, a casting body is installed at the lower end of the limit block, the front end face of the casting body is provided with a fixed groove, and the inner surface of the fixed groove is provided with a sealing ring. the inside of the sealing ring is provided with a limit card groove, the outside of the limit card groove is provided with a card groove convex block, and the inside of the limit card groove is provided with a motor installation hole. The outer part of the motor mounting hole is provided with a fixed disc, the internal part of the fixed disk is provided with an inlet, both sides of the casting body are equipped with a damping spring, the damping spring is installed with a hydraulic rod, the rear end face of the casting body is provided with a repair plate, the outer part of the repair plate is provided with an installation block, and the internal part of the installation block is installed with fastening screws.
The utility model relates to the computer technical field, in particular to a fixed structure of a motherboard for a computer, which comprises a mounting board, one side of the mounting plate is provided with a mounting hole, and the top of the mounting plate is fixedly connected with a fixed block. The interior of the fixed block is provided with a card slot, a limited position column is arranged inside the fixed block, and the top of the installation plate is lapped with a motherboard. The utility model has the advantages that the mounting plate is fixed inside the chassis through screws, then the motherboard is directly placed in the middle of the two fixing blocks, and then the card block at the bottom of the top plate is stuck into the inside of the card slot, and the position is fixed through the clamping of the limit column and the limit slot, and the pressure plate is lapped with the motherboard, so that the motherboard can be quickly fixed inside the chassis without using screws to reduce the damage to the motherboard. When the two roof plates are stuck inside the card slot, the pressing plate can be automatically adjusted according to the thickness of the motherboard, and the compression and contraction of the spring can better fix the motherboard.
The invention relates to a multi-sensor safe automobile, which comprises a Reed switch speed sensor arranged inside the distributor of the automobile, the Reed switch contact is made of a strong magnet, the Reed switch contact acts under the action of a magnet on the distributor, and the Reed switch contact is not in direct contact with the external gas The hot wire air flow sensor places the platinum hot wire on the intake channel of the automobile, and makes the platinum hot wire maintain the preset temperature through current control to measure the air flow in the intake channel of the vehicle. The foreign body detection device is connected with the range expansion device for receiving the range expansion area, detecting the type of each object from the range expansion area, and sending out a foreign body alarm signal when there is a type of injury to the vehicle in the type of each object. Through the invention, the integrity and reliability of automobile design are improved.
The utility model relates to the technical field of civil construction, and discloses a lighting device for civil engineering which is convenient for movement, which comprises a bearing plate, the lower surface of the bearing plate is fixedly connected with a universal wheel, the left side and the right side of the upper surface of the bearing plate are fixedly connected with a locking device, and the locking device comprises a first connecting block. The movable lighting device for civil engineering pulls the handle to the right, so that the bottom of the joystick moves to the right with the center of the third shaft as the center, so that the second connecting rod drives the first transmission plate to rotate counterclockwise around the center of the third shaft on the right, while the third connecting rod drives the second transmission plate to rotate clockwise around the center of the third shaft on the left. As a result, the inner side of the locking shaft is quickly and firmly inserted into the locking round hole on the outer side of the convex block, which not only avoids the displacement of the lamp in the process of use, but also saves the condition time and improves the work efficiency.
The invention discloses a soil beating device for brick and tile production, which comprises a supporting mechanism, a transmission mechanism is arranged on the supporting mechanism, one side of the transmission mechanism is connected with an executive mechanism, and an auxiliary mechanism is arranged on the supporting mechanism below the executive mechanism. The supporting mechanism includes a support plate, the transmission mechanism includes a No. 1 sleeve rod, and the No. 1 sleeve rod is fixedly connected with the support plate, and a No. 1 sleeve ring is arranged on the No. 1 sleeve rod A No. 1 limit plate is fixedly connected on the No. 1 sleeve rod relative to the other end of the support plate. When the connecting rod drives the connecting head to beat up and down, the invention can start the No. 2 servo motor and use the No. 2 servo motor to drive the No. 2 motor shaft to rotate, so that the drive ring rotates, and the drive teeth on the drive ring and the drive teeth outside the storage box are used to drive the storage box to rotate. Thus, the raw materials in the storage box can be rotated, which can make the hammering more uniform and comprehensive.
The invention discloses a super absorbent deodorizing chitin sanitary pad and a manufacturing method thereof. the sanitary pad is divided into five layers from the inside to the outside, which are water absorbing and deodorizing functional layer, dust-free paper, super absorbent resin particles, hydrophobic breathable film and polyethylene back glue in turn. The functional layer of water absorption and deodorization mainly includes 20 parts of chitin with molecular weight of 10 000 parts by weight, 15 parts of fabric fiber Hygra12, 1 part of bentonite powder, 3 parts of sugar binder, 1 × 10 parts of lemon grass essential oil, 1 part of 1 × 10 parts of chrysophanol and 1 part of chrysophanol. The invention has a wide range of sources, low cost, detailed manufacturing process, good deodorization, high water absorption effect, green environmental protection, no pollution and easy decomposition.
The utility model provides a steel wire straightening device of a spring machine, which comprises a bracket, a guide seat for horizontally arranging the bracket, an upper and lower driving wheel arranged on both sides and embedded in the guide seat. An annular groove is arranged in the middle of the upstream wheel and the lower driving wheel, and the steel wire is embedded between the two annular grooves and runs through the guide seat. The upper part of the upper drive wheel is correspondingly provided with a straightening member. The straightening member includes a plurality of correction wheels arranged independently and a plurality of correction wheels running synchronously, and the correction wheel one offsets the upload wheel. The utility model relates to a steel wire straightening device of a spring machine, which separately adjusts the separation and compression between the upper transmission wheel and the lower transmission wheel by correcting the first wheel, and carries out individual adjustment and control at any time according to the actual needs. by correcting the second wheel, all the transmission wheels and the lower transmission wheels can be adjusted consistently, which is convenient to control the adding force setting of the spring, and the precision of the spring manufacturing process is higher.
The utility model relates to a combined night scene lighting device, belonging to the lighting technical field of the fifth facade. The main point of its technical proposal is that it comprises a number of adjustable brackets connected sequentially. At least a row of point light sources are horizontally arranged in the length direction of the adjustable bracket. The top of the adjustable bracket is equipped with an arc light guide plate covered with a point light source, and the arc light guide plates on the two adjacent adjustable brackets are butted with each other. A linear projection lamp is arranged on both sides of the adjustable bracket, which is tilted downward toward the outside of the adjustable bracket. The utility model has the advantages of providing multi-level lighting effect and meeting the needs of aerial photography and the night scene viewing needs of tourists.
The utility model discloses a shutter type water-cooled ultraviolet lampshade, which comprises a lampshade housing, an ultraviolet lamp, a first fixing plate, a second fixing plate, a first reflecting cover, a second reflecting cover and a cylinder. The ultraviolet lamp is installed between the first fixing plate and the second fixing plate, and the first reflecting cover and the second reflecting cover are rotatably installed between the first fixing plate and the second fixing plate, respectively. The cylinder is used to drive the first reflector or the second reflector to open or close the first reflector and the second reflector. A water cooling device is arranged in the lampshade, and a cylinder is used to drive the opening and closing of the reflector, so that the shutter formed by the reflector will not get stuck due to thermal expansion. at the same time, a water cooling device is arranged in the lampshade to cool the lampshade shell and the reflector, which can effectively eliminate the stuck phenomenon caused by thermal expansion of the shutter, reduce the working temperature inside the lampshade and prolong the service life of the lamp tube.
The invention belongs to the technical field of storage battery, in particular to a storage battery device, which comprises a battery mechanism, a U-shaped cover plate, a U-shaped bottom plate, a positive electrode column and a negative electrode column, wherein the battery mechanism can cushion the impact by deformation after being impacted, so as to prevent the acid leakage and battery damage caused by the impact and can no longer be used. The invention has simple structure and good application effect.
The utility model provides a mechatronics engineer combined mechanical operation platform, which comprises a body, a supporting rod and a supporting platform; the left and right sides of the front end of the bottom of the main body are symmetrically distributed with two supporting rods; the top end of the supporting rod is hinged on the bottom of the body through a hinge support seat, and the bottom end of the supporting rod is fixed on the supporting platform by bolts; the supporting platform is arranged directly below the main body The left and right sides of the back end of the bottom of the body are symmetrically distributed with two electric push rods; the top of the piston rod of the electric push rod is hinged on the bottom of the body through a hinge support, and the bottom of the electric push rod is hinged on the connection seat through the hinge support; the utility model has the functions of tilt display and rotation display, and is more comprehensive in learning and observation, thereby effectively solving the problems and shortcomings raised by the utility model.
The invention provides a liquid spitting device which can restrain the longer start-up time of the device. The spitting part includes a supply port for supplying liquid material, an outlet for spitting out the liquid material supplied from the supply port, and a discharge outlet for discharging the liquid material that has not been spit out. The control device carries out the following control: the first control quantity which depends on the bending surface pressure of the liquid material in the outlet and the second control quantity which depends on the differential pressure between the pressure of the supply port and the pressure of the discharge outlet are maintained at the target value of the first control quantity, that is, the target value of the first control quantity and the target value of the second control quantity, that is, the second target value. The control device has the following functions: during the period when the first control quantity and the second control quantity are close to the first target value and the second target value respectively, the control that makes the second control quantity close to the second target value takes priority over the control that makes the first control quantity close to the first target value.
The invention relates to the field of textile drying box, in particular to a constant temperature drying box for yarn textile, which is convenient for heat dissipation, which comprises a bottom plate, a protective mechanism, a heat dissipation mechanism, a storage mechanism and a limit mechanism; by fixing the protective mechanism on the top of the bottom plate, it is convenient for the protective mechanism to exert its use effect, and can play a better protective role on the device. By placing the heat dissipation mechanism inside the protective mechanism, adding coolant oil to the cooling mechanism, so as to facilitate the heat dissipation of the device when in use, and by fixing a receiving mechanism at the bottom of the side wall of the protective mechanism, the storage mechanism is convenient to receive the electrical connection line on the main body of the drying box, so that the electrical connection line of the device can be arranged more neatly. By setting a limit mechanism at one end of the storage mechanism, the limit mechanism limits the position of the storage mechanism, so as to further facilitate the electrical connection line to play a convenient role in receiving.
The invention relates to an iron-rich eye cream of Wudalianchi elderberry oil and a preparation method thereof, which relates to an iron-rich eye cream and a preparation method thereof. the invention mainly solves the problem that the application of Wudalianchi iron-rich mineral water in skin care products needs to remove iron and manganese, but can not give full play to the skin care effect of divalent iron ions in Wudalianchi mineral water. The invention combines the elderberry fruit oil and its extract, a characteristic plant of Wudalianchi, with Wudalianchi iron-rich mineral water to form an oil-in-water emulsification system, which not only has good stability, but also can give full play to the dual eye care effect of elderberry fruit and Wudalianchi mineral water.
The utility model relates to an adjustable knife edge angle ruler for checking the hand grinding angle of a twist bit, which comprises a fixed knife edge angle ruler and a movable knife edge angle ruler. The fixed knife edge angle ruler includes a fixed base plate, a straight part, an oblique scale part and a rectangular hole arranged on the upper part of the fixed substrate; the movable knife edge angle ruler includes a movable straight line part, a movable oblique scale part, a horizontal guide groove and a fixed hole through the horizontal guide groove bottom plate The oblique scale part of the fixed knife edge angle ruler is embedded and sliding with the horizontal guide groove on the movable knife edge angle ruler, and a guide rod passes through the fixed hole and the rectangular hole; the guide rod slides with the rectangular hole; the straight part and the movable straight part are relative and parallel; the oblique scale part intersects the movable oblique scale part. The twist bit is inserted between the straight line part and the movable straight line part, and the edge part is matched with the oblique scale part and the movable oblique scale part. According to the twist bits with different diameters, the fixed knife edge angle ruler and the movable knife edge angle ruler move relatively, and the operation is convenient.
The invention provides a numerical control winding process of enamelled wire, which comprises the following steps: first, the user passes the free end of the enamelled copper wire on the storage drum through the lead input end of the wire arrangement mechanism, the lead output end of the wire arrangement mechanism, and the winding end of the winding mechanism and is fixedly connected with the end, and the winding mechanism starts the rotary winding. In step 1, the wire arrangement mechanism guides the enamelled copper wire and evenly wound the enamelled copper wire onto the winding cylinder; then, when the user needs to reduce the diameter of the winding coil, the diameter of the two winding cylinders is driven by the variable diameter adjusting member to move close to each other, and the diameter of the new winding coil of the winding mechanism becomes smaller. When the user needs to increase the diameter of the winding coil, the two winding cylinders are driven by the variable diameter adjusting member to move away from each other, and the diameter of the new winding coil becomes larger.
In the invention, the inner wall (22f) of the box (22) containing a separation chamber (43) with a rotor (60) is provided with a plurality of convex parts (22g) arranged adjacent to the inner circumferential direction and extending in the upper and lower direction respectively, so that grooves (22h) in the upper and lower directions can be arranged between the adjacent convex parts (22g, 22g). Moreover, the slot (22h) collects the oil separated by the rotation of the rotor (60), and the collected oil is not affected by the cyclonic flow caused by the rotation of the rotor 60 because of the capillary phenomenon, it is guided by dripping along the groove (22h) to the lower part of the inner space containing the separation chamber (43). Thus, the formation of an oil film on the inner wall (22f) of the box (22) containing the separation chamber (43) is avoided in advance, and the oil can be prevented from being carried away by the swirling flow caused by the rotation of the rotor (60).
The invention belongs to the technical field of Rain Water treatment, in particular to an urban road surface Rain Water collection system, which comprises a collection pool, a sediment pool, a coarse filter pool, an impurity pool, a fine filter pool and a storage tank; the collection pool is located below the ground, and the top of the collection pool is provided with a grid plate; the upper part of the collection pool is provided with a filter net; the sediment pool is located on the right side of the collection pool and is communicated with the collection pool The coarse filter is located at the lower left of the collection pool and is connected between the two; the coarse filter is provided with a screen 2; a square installation pool is installed on the side wall of the coarse filter; the fine filter is located at the lower left of the coarse filter and is connected between the two; the filter 3 and the filter 4 are installed in the fine filter, and the storage tank is located at the lower left of the fine filter, and the two are connected The invention can separate the initial Rain Water, reduce the processing cost, reduce the operation cost without external power in the collection process, realize the automatic cleaning of impurities, avoid blocking the filter screen and affect the processing efficiency.
The multi-hole drilling device of the pumping hole based on the difference of air permeability comprises a bit system, a special drill pipe, a multi-stage expanding system and an installation fixed system; the front end of the special drill pipe is coaxially connected with the back end of the bit system; the multi-stage expanding system is installed outside the special drill pipe by installing a fixed system; the invention also discloses a construction method of the multi-aperture drilling device of the extraction hole based on the difference of air permeability. The invention puts forward a method of differential arrangement of borehole diameter according to the difference of coal seam permeability; and through the design of special drill pipe and multi-stage drilling structure, the drilling of boreholes with different aperture is achieved, and the uniform extraction of gas from the working face is realized. comprehensively reduce the gas content in the coal seam and realize the safe and efficient production of the coal mine.
The absorbent articles with pores not only inhibit the overflow of absorbent polymers from the pores, but also take into account the absorption capacity and higher absorption speed. The absorbent article includes a hole presence area (29), a pair of compression grooves (37, 37'), and a high unit area weight area (9, 9'). There are a plurality of hole parts (10) in the region where the hole part exists. A pair of compression grooves are located on the two outer sides of the hole area, which are formed by a core cladding (12a) and an absorbent core (12b) or a compressed surface sheet (8) on the skin side of the compression absorber (12), the core cladding and the absorption core. The high unit area weight area is located on at least one side of the two outer sides of the compression groove opposite to the hole region, and the unit area weight of the absorbent polymer (90) of the absorber in the high unit area weight area is higher than that of the absorbent polymer (90) of the absorber in the pore region.
The invention discloses an automatic preparation process of high-quality Chinese wolfberry pulp, which comprises the following steps: the Chinese wolfberry is arranged in an orderly and layered manner through a layered mechanism; the Chinese wolfberry enters the feed end of the fruit stalk removal mechanism from the discharge end of the layered mechanism; during the transportation of the Chinese wolfberry, the fruit stalk removal component is used to remove the fruit stalk; the separation component causes the Chinese wolfberry to eject from the fruit handle removal part; and the cleaning device is used to clean the Chinese wolfberry after the fruit handle is removed. The pressing device beats the washed Chinese wolfberry. The process of removing the Chinese wolfberry stalk by the fruit handle device is fully automatic, and there is no need for the staff to operate manually, which reduces the labor of the staff and improves the production efficiency. At the same time, the removal of the Chinese wolfberry handle will make the Chinese wolfberry pulp more pure. In addition, the subsequent extraction mechanism for beating Chinese wolfberry uses a blade to pulp, and the reciprocating screw makes the blade move up and down, which makes the beating of Chinese wolfberry more thorough.
The utility model discloses a tool-free disassembly structure of a heat dissipation module, which comprises a substrate, a connecting plate, a heat dissipation module body, a connecting terminal and a first waterproof block interface. A heat dissipation module body with equal spacing is installed on one side of the surface of the substrate, and a connecting terminal is arranged at the central position of the surface of the heat dissipation module body, and the first waterproof interface is installed at the central position of the connected terminal surface. The surface of the substrate on one side of the heat dissipation module body is fixed with a connecting plate, and a wiring terminal is installed on the outer wall of the connecting plate near the side of the heat dissipation module body, and a second waterproof block interface with equal spacing is installed on the outer wall far away from the connecting plate side. The utility model not only improves the firmness between the first waterproof block interface and the second waterproof block interface when the disassembly structure is used, improves the convenience when the disassembly structure is used, but also improves the installation efficiency when the disassembly structure is used.
The invention discloses a chunk maker based on expelling cold and warming food, which relates to the field of food processing. The block maker based on expelling cold and warming food comprises a base and a box body welded at the top of the base. The top of the base is welded with two parallel plates, and the interior of the two parallel plates is provided with empty slots. The two parallel plates are connected with the pushing roof plate through a supporting rod lifting device, and two sets of shaft bases and two shafts are connected at the bottom of the pushing roof plate and on the top of the corresponding two parallel plates. The two ends of each shaft are respectively connected with a group of shaft seats, a load-bearing device is inserted on the front of the box body, and the load-bearing equipment is connected with a block-making groove at the top of the box body, and a walking block-cutting device is arranged in the block-making slot. The utility model can cut the meat extruded from the extrusion exit, and the cutting speed is fast, so it is suitable for the current Dabai barbecue restaurant, so as to increase the speed of the barbecue staff and improve the efficiency of the kebab.
The vehicle device (4) includes an image acquisition section (42) for acquiring an image captured by a camera (2) including a lens, a storage section (7), and a dirt detection section (6) for detecting the dirt of the lens based on the image acquired by the image acquisition section (42). The dirt area information indicating the presence of the dirt of the image is stored in the dirt detection section (6) of the storage section (7). A dirt removal information generation section (8) for generating dirt removal information indicating that the dirt removal information of the lens has been removed; and a modification section (12) for changing the dirt area information based on the dirt removal information. Thus, the dirt area information can be changed based on the dirt removal information.
An absorbent article is provided, which can control the flow direction in a manner that causes the excreted urine to flow to the concave side, even if the absorbent article is sideways shifted during wearing, and the storage volume of the groove is enlarged, so that the absorber absorbs urine quickly without side leakage. In the absorbent material in which at least one groove for urine inflow is formed along the length of the surface of the skin side, the cross-sectional shape of the groove satisfies the following conditions: (1) when the depth of the groove is h, the relationship between h and the distance S from the bottom edge G of the groove to the upper edge K of the groove is 1.5 h < S (2) when the bottom width of the groove is b, the relationship between b and the width of the liquid collection area represented by the distance between the upper edges K and K on both sides of the groove is B ≥ 3b; (3) when the area of the groove represented by the product of the bottom width b and the depth h of the groove is a, the relationship between an and the cross-sectional area An of the groove is A ≥ 2a.
The potato powder production method of the invention adopts the equipment of patent medicine and edible material processing equipment for production, which can quickly turn potato blocks and potato wet starch into powder, shorten the technological process of potato powder production, reduce the energy consumption of potato powder production and potato starch drying, and is suitable for potato powder production and potato starch drying processing.
The utility model discloses an automatic cleaning cat litter basin, comprising a chassis, a collection box capable of collecting pet excreta on one side of the chassis, a cover plywood which can prevent the smell of excretion from being hinged on the chassis above the collection box, a loading plate capable of transferring cat litter in the chassis, and a scraper capable of scraping cat litter onto the collection box. The utility model uses the pet to enter the loading plate for excretion, and after coming out from the plate after excretion, the driving mechanism is activated to make the cat litter in the loading plate scrape down to the collection box through the scraper, and finally cover the collection box through the cover plate, which can automatically clean the cat litter and feces in the loading plate after the pet is excreted, and at the same time prevent the odor diffusion of pet excreta.
The utility model discloses a data analysis device for engineering investigation, which relates to the field of engineering investigation instruments. In view of the fact that the existing investigation instruments are mixed with other instruments in the backpack, it is easy to scratch the data display screen, resulting in the problem that the data can not be seen clearly when in use, resulting in errors in data registration. The following proposal is proposed, which includes a data analyzer, and a baffle is installed on the top side of the data analyzer through rotation of a rotating shaft. The baffle is L-shaped, the data analyzer is fixedly installed on one side near the bottom end of the baffle, and the fixed block is L-shaped, and the top of the horizontal section of the fixed block is provided with a first limit slot. The structure of the utility model is novel, and the device can not only protect the data display screen, but also prevent the device from slipping off, and solves the problem that the survey instrument is mixed with other instruments in the backpack, so that the data display screen is scratched easily, resulting in the inability to see the data clearly when in use, resulting in the problem of data registration error.
The invention discloses a sealing machine for food packaging, which comprises a bracket, a foot, a driving wheel, a driven wheel, a conveyor belt, an L-shaped rod, a screw, a handle, a groove, a first motor, a fan, a second motor, a positioning block, an upper guide conveyor belt, etc.; the invention has the advantages of reasonable and simple structure, low production cost, convenient installation, and the distance between the driving wheel and the driven wheel can be adjusted, thereby adjusting the tightness of the conveyor belt. The invention is provided with a guide conveyor belt, a guide plate and a crossbar, which can effectively guide the packaging bag without position deviation; the invention is provided with an air supply device, which can blow air into the packaging bag to prevent the puffed food from being extruded and damaged in the later stage; a heat dissipation fan is arranged on both sides of the sealing device of the invention, which can effectively dissipate heat to solve the deficiency in the background technology.
The utility model discloses a chemical experimental platform with a ventilation structure, which comprises a main body, a shielding plate is arranged at the top of the main body, a shielding plate comprises two side plates and a main baffle, and a ventilation trough is arranged on the main baffle. A number of air vents are arranged in the ventilation slot, and an air inlet sealed at one end is arranged in the main baffle, all of which are connected with the air inlet. One end of the opening of the air intake duct extends out of the main baffle and is connected with a suction pipe, which is fixed on the side of the main baffle away from the ventilation slot, and the end of the suction pipe is connected with a pipe fan, and the end of the pipe fan is connected with an outlet pipe. A unidirectional plate is fixed in the suction pipe, and several unidirectional holes are arranged on the unidirectional plate, and the upper part of the unidirectional hole near the side of the pipe fan is rotated and connected with a rotating shaft. A wind shield is connected on the rotating shaft, and the wind shield is used for shielding the one-way hole. The utility model can quickly discharge the chemical gas to avoid having an impact on the experimental personnel.
The utility model provides a flame disinfector, belonging to the technical field of disinfector. The flame disinfector is fixedly connected with a transverse pipe at one or two ends of the main pipe, the main pipe is connected with the transverse pipe, a number of branch pipes are fixedly connected with the transverse pipe, and the branch pipe is connected with the transverse pipe, and the branch pipe is provided with a flame burner. when in use, gas flows to the transverse pipe through the main pipe, then to the branch pipe, and then to the flame burner, and then ignites at the flame burner, that is, multiple flame nozzles can be sprayed at the same time. Disinfect a large area, improve the disinfection efficiency and disinfection effect, and reduce the labor force.
The invention discloses a microwave rain attenuation law artificial rainfall experimental method with adjustable link length, which comprises the following steps: 1) to design and calculate the rainfall intensity of different return periods to form an experimental rainfall process, and to use the artificial rainfall hall to simulate artificial rainfall; 2) to build a corner reflector to dynamically adjust the length of the microwave link. 3) install the experimental microwave device, and select the microwave link of the specific microwave frequency band as the experimental link; 4) use the self-measuring rain gauge to obtain the measured data on the experimental link under different rainfall intensity conditions; 5) according to the measured data, the whole process of the change of experimental rainfall intensity is obtained, and the law of microwave rain attenuation is analyzed and calculated. The invention simulates the microwave rain decay process under the conditions of different rain intensity and different link length in the artificial rainfall device, excavates and analyzes the microwave rain decay law, and provides accurate and reliable firsthand experimental data for revealing the real microwave rain decay law. it lays a good foundation for realizing accurate monitoring of precipitation.
The invention discloses a preparation method with ceramic 30??40min willow, which comprises the following operation steps: (1) after harvesting in autumn, the willow is naturally dried for 5 days, and then the wicker is put into the soaking solution. After the soaking solution is boiled, the wicker is boiled over low heat to continue to boil the willow, take it out and peel it. (2) when the peeled wicker is dried to a water content of 7%? 9%, put it in a color changing solution, soak it for 3 hours, take it out, and dry it in an oven until the water content is 12%? 16%; (3) spray the fixing solution evenly on the surface of the wicker treated by step (2), and after 3 hours of drying, the wicker is dried in the oven to prepare ceramic Baiqi willow. The wicker prepared by the invention has the color of ceramic white, effectively improves the texture of the prepared willow products, increases the appreciation of the products, at the same time, the color fixation of ceramic white is strong, and it is not easy to fade in the process of use.
The invention belongs to the technical field of air conditioners, in particular to provide a self-cleaning humidification control method of air conditioners. In order to improve the self-cleaning effect of the air conditioner, the self-cleaning humidification control method of the air conditioner comprises the following steps: when the air conditioner needs to perform self-cleaning, the current humidity of indoor air and the turbidity of condensate in the condensate pipeline are obtained; frosting intensity is calculated according to the turbidity of condensate and the target humidity of indoor air required to meet the frosting intensity The amount of humidification of the indoor air is controlled according to the current humidity of the indoor air and the target humidity of the indoor air. By controlling the amount of humidification of the indoor air, the invention effectively avoids the situation that the indoor air humidity is too low and cannot reach the preset frosting intensity, and avoids continuing to humidify the indoor air because the indoor air humidity is too high. it ensures the frosting thickness of the air conditioner in the self-cleaning process, and further improves the self-cleaning effect of the air conditioner.
The invention relates to an external meshing gear pump (1) having a first conveying gear (2) driven and a second conveying gear (3) driven by the first conveying gear (2). The first conveying gear and the second conveying gear engage with each other for conveying fluid from the suction side (7) of the external meshing gear pump (1) to the pressure side (8). Wherein, the first conveying gear (2) and the second conveying gear (3) respectively have a plurality of teeth (5, 6). The teeth have front tooth surfaces (9, 11) running in the front along the rotation direction of the corresponding conveying gears (2, 3) and trailing tooth surfaces (10, 12), respectively. The front tooth surface (9, 11) of the first conveying gear (2) and the rear tooth surface (10, 12) of the second conveying gear (3) work together to drive the second conveying gear (3) through the first conveying gear (2). It is specified herein that the rear tooth surface (10, 12) of the first conveying gear (2) extends at least partially concave for forming a fluid bag (16) at at least one axial position in the radial direction.
The invention relates to a multi-angle adjustable automobile lamp heat dissipation device, which comprises a heat dissipation seat, and a heat dissipation channel is arranged on the heat dissipation seat, and a rotating installation plate is arranged on the heat dissipation seat. The installation plate is provided with an installation slot connected with the heat dissipation channel, a sliding cooling fan is installed in the installation slot and the air inlet is connected with the heat dissipation channel, and the first fixed assembly And, the second fixed component. During installation, according to the size and shape of the installation space of the car body, the angle of the cooling fan can be adjusted and fixed by the first fixed assembly, or the installation position of the cooling fan can be adjusted and fixed by the second fixed assembly, so that the heat dissipation device can adapt to the installation space of different sizes and shapes, making the installation more convenient and more applicable.
The invention relates to an internal combustion engine (10) comprising at least one cylinder (11), wherein the or each cylinder includes a main combustion chamber (14) for burning fuel in the cylinder (11), wherein an assembly (15) for supplying and / or igniting fuel is mounted on the cylinder head (12) of each cylinder between the exhaust valves (13) of the cylinder. Such that the assembly (15) is inserted into the notch (19) in the cylinder head (12) of the cylinder and sealed to the notch, wherein the section (20) of the assembly (15) inserted into the notch (19) in the cylinder head (12) of the cylinder (11) has an elliptical profile in cross section And the boundary surface (21) located in the sealing area of the section (20) of the assembly (15) is constructed so that the boundary surface is continuously protruding outward in the circumferential direction.
The invention relates to the technical field of oxygen preparation, in particular to a pressure swing adsorption oxygen equipment, comprising two adsorption tanks and an oxygen buffer tank, wherein a sealing cover is matched in the upper tank mouth of the adsorption tank, a desorption guide assembly is fixedly connected on the first air pipe, a pneumatic switching valve is fixedly connected on the first air pipe and the second air pipe, a rotating rod is arranged vertically in the adsorption tank, and a servo motor is fixed on the upper end face of the cylinder cover. The lower end opening of the cylinder cover is provided with an airflow guide assembly connected with the rotating rod drive, and the cylinder cover is provided with an auxiliary desorption assembly connected with the rotating rod drive. The invention can increase the adsorption function of the adsorption tank, at the same time, it is convenient to control the flow direction of the gas in the adsorption tank, and ensures that the adsorption and desorption action will not be affected. The invention also provides an auxiliary desorption component to increase the desorption effect and efficiency. The invention sets up an oxygen buffer tank for controlling the oxygen pressure and the oxygen temperature.
The embodiment of the invention provides a charging device, a terminal and a wireless charging system, which are applied in the communication technical field and can solve the problem that the transmitting coil and the receiving coil can not be aligned quickly and accurately. Wherein, the charging device includes a transmitting end control module, a transmitting coil and at least one first transmitting coil arranged outside the transmitting coil, and the charging device is used to charge the device to be charged through the transmitting coil. Wherein, the transmitting end control module is used for inputting a first transmitting end direct current to each first transmitting end coil in at least one first transmitting end coil. each first transmitting end coil is used to generate a first emitter magnetic field through the first emitter DC current, and the first emitter magnetic field is used to move the device to be charged to the target charging position by magnetic field force when the device to be charged.
The utility model discloses an electric control box heat dissipation air duct structure, an air conditioner outdoor unit and an air conditioner. The electric control box heat dissipation air duct structure comprises an electric control box, and the box body of the electric control box is provided with an air outlet; the air duct component is provided with an air duct inlet and an air duct outlet, and the air duct component defines an air duct between the air duct inlet and the air duct outlet, and the air duct component is provided with an interception structure in the air duct. Wherein, the air duct component is connected with the box body of the electric control box, and the air duct inlet is docked with the air outlet. The air duct structure of auxiliary heat dissipation is formed by the air outlet and air duct components, which expands the flow path of the heat dissipation air, greatly improves the circulation of the heat dissipation air, and improves the heat dissipation effect. At the same time, by setting up an interception structure in the air duct, the risk of insects or small animals entering the electric control box is reduced without affecting the heat dissipation effect, and the safety hidden danger is reduced.
The utility model discloses a heat dissipation device for continuous work of an injection molding machine, comprising a main box body, a side box body and a No.1 arc sleeve. The top of the main box body is connected with an air outlet through a threaded groove, and a filter layer is fixed inside the air outlet through a card groove. The main box body is fixed with a No. 1 heat dissipation fan through bolts, a connecting plate is welded on both sides of the main box body, and a side box body is arranged at the bottom of the connecting plate. One side of the side box body is glued with a heat conduction pad, and a No. 2 exhaust fan is installed inside the side box body through an installation rack, one end of the main box body is connected with a three-way valve through a threaded groove, and a No. 1 arc sleeve is arranged on one side of the three-way valve. The utility model adopts a double heat dissipation design, which can effectively and quickly dissipate heat to the injection molding machine to ensure that the injection molding machine can work continuously, and at the same time can dissipate heat to the transmission equipment of the injection molding machine, which is suitable for being widely popularized and used.
The utility model relates to a low-noise fluid pump, which relates to the technical field of a fluid pump, which comprises a noise reduction shell and a pump body suspended in the noise reduction shell, and a closed installation space is formed in the noise reduction shell. The installation space is provided with a first noise reduction fixture for fixing one end of the pump body and a second noise reduction fixture for fixing the other end of the pump body. The pump body is connected with the noise reduction housing through the first noise reduction fixture and the second noise reduction fixture, so that the pump body can be suspended in the noise reduction housing and reduce the direct contact between the noise reduction housing and the pump body. The first noise reduction fixture and the second noise reduction fixture further reduce the additional noise generated between the pump body and the noise reduction housing by reducing the noise at the connection between the pump body and the noise reduction housing. The noise generated by the pump body is reflected in a closed installation space to reduce the noise transmitted by the low-noise fluid pump to the outside world, thus making the utility model have the advantage of low noise.
The invention relates to a beam splitter device (1) for a microscope (2), especially a stereoscopic microscope, and a microscope imaging method, in particular a stereoscopic microscope imaging method. The beam splitter device (1) supports at least two beam splitting surfaces (4, 14). Each of at least two beam splitting surfaces (4, 14) has a different reflection. Transmittance. The beam splitter device (1) also includes an optical path (3, 3a, 3b). At least one of the at least two beam splitting surfaces (4, 14) is configured to be moved from a first operating position (15) to a second operating position (16), at the first operating position (15), the first (4) of the at least two beam splitting surfaces (4, 14) is located in the optical path, at the second operating position (16), and the second (14) of the at least two beam splitting surfaces (4, 14) is located in the optical path. With this configuration, the available light of the optical path (3) in the branches (3a, 3b) behind the beam splitting surface (4, 14) can be changed. Particularly useful is that one of the branches (3a, 3b) points to an exit (8) configured to receive the camera. By pointing more light at the camera exit (8), the image quality of the camera can be improved.
The invention provides a drink for promoting the excretion of toxins from the kidney It was prepared from the following raw materials: 60 parts of parsley, 20 parts of Chinese chestnut, 20 parts of Chinese yam, 15 parts of wax gourd, 10 parts of Chinese wolfberry, 8 parts of kelp, 7 parts of white radish, 4 parts of black rice, 4 parts of black sesame, 4 parts of black bean, 4 parts of corn and 2 parts of jujube nectar. The invention can help the kidney to expel toxins from the body, reduce the residual time of toxins in the human body, reduce the harm of toxins, promote human health, and prevent various diseases such as uremia, hemopathy and the like.
The invention belongs to the skin care field, in particular to a facial skin care method, which comprises the following steps: evenly smear an appropriate amount of aloe gel on the face; after the aloe gel is completely absorbed, absorb the two residual aloe gel with warm water; evenly apply the silica gel on the face, and then use the skin care instrument to irradiate the face to solidify the silica gel; after the silica gel is solidified, remove the silica gel Smear the egg white evenly on the face. After the egg white is dry, wash the face with warm water and continue to smear the egg white. Wash the face with cold water. The invention can realize the care of the facial skin, has a better nursing effect, can fully remove the dirt of the face, and make the face maintain sufficient moisture.
The invention discloses a managed intelligent flowerpot, comprising a flowerpot body and a shared tray. The flowerpot body is placed on a preset area of the upper surface of the shared tray. The preset area is a local area on the shared tray that can rotate around a fixed point. The preset area is connected with a first rotating motor. When the first rotating motor works, the preset area rotates with the fixed point as the center. And then drive the flowerpot body placed on the preset area to rotate around the point. The shared tray comprises a watering device and a lighting device, and the shared tray can realize automatic watering and lighting for the flowerpot body placed on the shared tray. The managed intelligent flowerpots disclosed by the invention can provide hosting services for different flowerpot bodies by sharing trays.
The utility model relates to a vehicle controller, which comprises a substrate and a toggle switch, the substrate is provided with a switch holding part, and the toggle switch is accommodated in the switch holding part, and the toggle switch comprises a lever cap, a slider and a gear assembly. The gear assembly includes a gear mechanism and an elastic assembly, the lever cap and the slider can be rotatably connected to form a cavity, and the gear assembly is fixed in the cavity. The inner wall of the toggle switch is provided with a gear slot, a lever cap or a slider forms a limit surface with a gear slot, and the gear mechanism extends into the gear groove, and the gear mechanism is pressed to the limit surface through an elastic component. Because the elastic component can be deformed and compressed in the matching process of the gear mechanism and the gear slot, the mechanical wear in the process of up and down dialing of the toggle switch is reduced, which is conducive to prolonging the service life of the toggle switch.
The invention discloses an automatic packaging and processing device for acupuncture needles, comprising a conveying mechanism for conveying an acupuncture box, an upper needle mechanism for conveying acupuncture needles to the acupuncture box, an upper film mechanism for conveying transparent film, a paper mechanism for conveying tin foil, and a pressing mechanism for pressing the transparent film and tin foil on both sides of the acupuncture box. The conveying mechanism comprises a conveyor belt horizontally arranged on the conveyor frame and on the conveyer frame. The upper needle mechanism is located on the top of the conveyor belt, and the upper film mechanism and the paper feeding mechanism are located along the conveying direction of the conveyor belt and are located behind the upper needle mechanism. Compared with the prior art, the invention innovatively designs the packaging structure, has the advantages of simple structure, fast packaging speed and beautiful appearance, and is convenient for the extraction operation of acupuncture needles. At the same time, the used acupuncture needles can be loaded into acupuncture boxes to complete collection.
The invention discloses a frozen shrimp quality improver, which is composed of the following ingredients and their weight parts: 20 parts of polyphosphoric acid mixed salt, 0.7 parts of vanilla extract, 18 parts of salt, 0.4 parts of birch bark extract and the rest is water. The frozen shrimp quality improver of the invention has the advantages of easy availability, low cost, environmental protection and safety, mutual synergism among the components, superior water retention performance, and can better maintain the freshness and elasticity of the shrimp, so as to achieve the purpose of reducing the loss of shrimp juice and ensuring the quality of frozen shrimp. The utility model has the advantages of simple process steps, low equipment investment and strong maneuverability, so it is suitable for industrial production.
The utility model provides a feeding device for activated carbon sawdust, which comprises a sawdust raw material bin, an anti-bridging vibrator, a belt conveyor and a PLC control system. The upper part of the sawdust raw material bin is an open structure, a sieve frame with sieve holes is arranged inside, and the sawdust raw material bin is supported by a plurality of supports, and the anti-bridging vibrator is installed on the lower outer plate of the sawdust raw material bin. The belt conveyor is divided into an upper half and a lower half, the lower half is horizontal, and the front end of the lower half is installed directly under the sawdust raw material bin, the upper half is inclined horizontally facing upward and is connected with the back end of the lower half, one end of the PLC control system is connected with the anti-frame bridge vibrator, and the other end is connected with the belt conveyor. The utility model detects the running speed of the belt conveyor through the PLC control system, thereby controlling the shock frequency of the anti-bridge vibrator and ensuring the stable and orderly feeding of sawdust.
The utility model discloses a device for adjusting the processing position of a compressor cylinder, which comprises a machine base, an adjusting mechanism arranged on the machine base, a first bearing mechanism and a second bearing mechanism arranged on both sides of the adjusting mechanism, and the first bearing mechanism includes a first bearing plate movably arranged on the machine base for carrying the workpiece in the first state The adjusting mechanism comprises a bracket arranged on the machine base and a lifting platform which can be lifted and lowered; the lifting platform is vertically provided with a pneumatic claw and a motor; the pneumatic claw comprises a cylinder body, a claw head connected to the cylinder block and a plurality of fingers arranged on the claw head; the cylinder body is rotatably arranged on the lifting platform, and the motor drives the pneumatic claw to rotate relative to the lifting platform The second bearing mechanism includes a second bearing plate movably arranged on the machine base for carrying a workpiece in a second state.
The utility model relates to the technical field of a charging box, and discloses a multi-functional synchronous charging box, which comprises a mounting plate, and a fixing plate is fixedly installed on the left and right sides of the front of the mounting plate. The multi-function synchronous charging box, by setting a driving motor, starts the driving motor when the charging box body needs to be disassembled, rotates the second screw, drives the first screw to rotate through the connecting ring, and when the first screw and the second screw rotate at the same time, the left and right mobile sleeve rods move in the opposite direction by their thread thrust, and the distance between the two mobile sleeve rods is extended by controlling the steering of the driving motor. By making the two push plates move in opposite directions, and making the card block withdraw from the restriction on the charging box body, the charging box body can be detached from the installation board, thereby facilitating its maintenance, making the equipment easy to disassemble and maintain, greatly improving the practicability of the device, reducing the maintenance cost, making it more convenient to use, and more satisfying the needs of people.
The embodiment of the invention provides a processing method and a device of a terminal charger. The charger and the terminal respectively have corresponding charging information. The method comprises the following steps: determining the charger currently adapted by the terminal; if the terminal has a previously adapted charger, the charging information of the terminal is configured according to the charging information corresponding to the currently adapted charger and the charging information corresponding to the previously adapted charger. The embodiment of the invention is used for enhancing the adaptability of the terminal to different chargers.
The invention discloses a preparation method of high quality donkey gelatin, which comprises the following steps: the donkey skin is soaked and unhaired, and the skin is treated with James skin, and then washed to neutral; the washed donkey skin is extracted and filtered to obtain donkey gelatin liquid; the donkey gelatin solution is concentrated and foamed for the first time; and the mixed solution is obtained by mixing the gelatin solution, rock sugar, rice wine and soybean oil after foam extraction. After homogenizing the Ejiao mixture, the Ejiao intermediate was concentrated for the second time, and then precooled in vacuum to obtain the Ejiao intermediate; 3) the Ejiao intermediate was poured in the plastic box, then placed at room temperature to cool down, and then transferred to the cold storage for three-step cooling to get the glue block; cut the glue block into pieces and dry it to get high quality donkey-hide gelatin. The preparation method of the invention combines homogenization treatment, vacuum precooling technology and three-step cooling method, which not only improves the gel strength of high quality donkey-hide gelatin, makes it have good processing performance and taste, but also shortens the gel time of cold storage. effectively reduce the energy consumption of cold storage.
A train extinguishing device mainly comprises a McNum wheel, a chassis motor, a chassis, a head, a heading angle control shaft driven by a heading angle control motor, a pitch angle control shaft driven by a pitch angle control motor, a water tank, a water cannon, a camera, a chassis inertial navigation unit and a main control board, wherein a data transmission module and a picture transmission module are arranged in the main control board. The invention uses four groups of McNum wheels, and sets independently driven chassis motors for each group of McNum wheels, and coordinates the drive of the four groups of McNum wheels through a control module, which can effectively reduce the turning radius of the train to 0. The control precision of the invention is higher and the operation is more convenient.
The utility model discloses a drying rack for halogenated duck paw sterilization, which comprises a material plate in the shape of a rectangular plate, and its surface is covered with a number of heat conduction holes connected up and down. The material plate is provided with a number of L-shaped positioning parts distributed in a rectangular array, and the L-shaped positioning part is composed of a transverse bar close to the back edge of the material plate and a longitudinal bar arranged on the left side of the transverse bar. The adjusting rail is arranged on both sides of the material plate and extends horizontally from front to back. the adjusting rail comprises a supporting bottom plate attached to the lower end face of the material plate and a hanging supporting plate located on both sides of the material plate. the cross section of the supporting bottom plate and the holding backing plate is in an L shape, and the end face of the holding backing plate is provided with two hanging buttons on the same vertical height. The drying rack has the characteristics of uniform food placement and convenient use, and when sterilized at high temperature, the temperature is balanced everywhere and the sterilization effect is good.
The invention discloses an air conditioning throttle forming mold, which comprises a first connecting hole forming assembly for forming a connecting hole on one side of the air conditioning throttle and a second connecting hole forming assembly for forming a connecting hole on the other side. the lower die assembly is also provided with a lower die pull rod drive oil cylinder, and the upper die assembly is also provided with an upper die pull rod drive oil cylinder. During hard glue injection, the lower die pull rod drives the oil cylinder to drive the knife edge insert (11) in the second connecting hole forming assembly and the lower die insert (4) at the cavity is pressed tight, and the end face of the knife edge insert (11) is used for the second connecting hole bottom hard sealing glue. After adopting the above structure, different step-by-step actions of a molding mold are realized, thus realizing the purpose of injecting the bottom wall thickness of different connecting holes, and the structure is compact, which avoids the excessive volume of the mold.
The invention relates to a production method of refreshing and fragrant automobile interior leather with low emission and low atomization. The utility model is characterized in that it comprises the steps of liming, softening, tanning, retanning, fatliquoring, drying, bottom coating and top coating. The liming adopts biological ablation method combined with a small amount of liming auxiliaries and light alkali substances to complete the process of liming, hair preservation and depilation. The softening is that 0.5% biological softening enzyme preparation OPORONON is added to the liming drum, the reaction rotates 30 minutes for 50 minutes, and the whole softening process controls the PH value of 8 minutes and 9 minutes. After the softening meets the requirements, the step of washing and controlling water is carried out, and then the salt pickling reaction is added to control the PH value of 2.8 ℃ to 3.0, and the temperature of the bath solution is less than 27 degrees. The invention removes and prevents the influence of bad odors such as corruption caused by bacteria on the leather products, helps the leather to retain a better feel and elasticity, and at the same time makes the leather body tight, flexible and resilient.
The utility model discloses a disinfection device for mask production, which comprises a mesh transmission belt, which is connected with a driving device through a transmission device; a collection frame for storing the mask is arranged on the mesh transmission belt; the collection frame is arranged on the first support frame; the side end of the first support frame is provided with a driving device; the other end of the first support frame is provided with a limited position device. The side end of the limit device is provided with a disinfection chamber, which is arranged on the third supporting frame; the two ends of the disinfection room are provided with openings, and the mesh transmission belt is interspersed with the openings at both ends of the disinfection room; the upper end and the lower end of the disinfection room are respectively provided with a guide rail, a slider is arranged on the guide rail, and a connecting shaft is arranged on the slider, and the connecting shaft is movably connected with the ultraviolet lamp assembly. The utility model provides a disinfection device for the production of a mask, which has the advantages of ingenious design, convenient use, high disinfection efficiency and strong practicability.
The utility model relates to a reverse detection device of a capacitor shell feeder, which comprises a shell conveying track and a detection assembly. The detection component is arranged above the shell conveying track, and the detection component includes a probe needle which can move up and down. The probe needle is provided with an induction component and a reset assembly. In the utility model, a detection component is arranged on the shell conveying track at the end of the vibrating disk for feeding the shell, and the reverse shell can be detected through the detection component, thereby preventing the reverse shell from flowing into the assembly process.
The invention discloses a method and a system for exchanging a sample reward by scanning a code, wherein, the method comprises the following steps: a, one-to-one correspondence between a plurality of express cabinets and the Wechat two-dimensional code, and push the Wechat two-dimensional code through the express cabinet; B, scan the two-dimensional code on the express cabinet to obtain the password of the sample in the express cabinet; C, input the exchange password, and obtain the sample reward in the express cabinet after verification. Through the method of scanning the code to exchange samples, the official account of Wechat is promoted, which is easy to operate and more efficient.
The invention discloses an elastic protective device for the edge of a port wharf, which comprises a fixed seat, a supporting plate, a fixed block, a fixed column, a connecting seat 1, a connecting seat 2, a connecting plate, an elastic plate, a supporting seat, a connecting shaft, a movable sleeve, a guide hole, a buffer spring, a movable block, a fixed sleeve and a buffer spring, etc. The invention has a reasonable and simple structure, wherein the fixed seat, the supporting plate, the fixed block and the fixed column form a triangular shape, thereby improving the stability of the supporting and fixing of the supporting plate, and ensuring that the upper side of the protective plate can rotate around the hinged point of the connecting seat one and the connecting seat two; the buffer spring 1 and the cushioning spring 2 arranged in the invention can improve the buffering effect of the lower side of the protective plate when it is impacted In the invention, when the protective plate is impacted, it rotates around the connecting seat one and the connecting seat two hinged points to form an inclined plane, so that part of the impact force can be transmitted to the ground to ensure that the protective device will not be damaged and affect the protective effect.
The utility model discloses a rear mount for a passenger car reducer, comprising a bracket and a bushing. The bracket comprises a welding bracket, a welding frame and a welding notch. A plurality of welding frames are installed on the welding bracket through a plurality of welding skeleton installation grooves. A notch is arranged at the left end of the welding bracket. The bushing comprises a shell, an inner shell, an aluminum core and a natural rubber damping pad, and the shell is welded in the welding groove. An inner shell is installed in the shell, a plurality of groups of natural rubber cushions are installed on the inner wall of the shell, and an aluminum core is installed at the intersection of the heads of multiple groups of natural rubber cushions. The utility model is a suspension structure at a specific position, that is, it is used for the rear part of the reducer of a passenger car, which can be used for special use of a special car. In addition, the utility model adopts aluminum core and natural rubber as the main body of the bushing, and the overall structure is more lightweight. Meet the requirements of the current passenger car lightweight.
The utility model discloses an air supply system of a pyrolysis furnace, which comprises a main body of a pyrolysis furnace. The main body of the pyrolysis furnace comprises a top cover, a pyrolysis chamber and an ash bucket arranged from top to bottom. The ash bucket is communicated with the pyrolysis cavity. The outer wall of the pyrolysis cavity is covered with an air-cooled jacket around the pyrolysis cavity, a gap is formed between the air-cooling jacket and the outer wall of the pyrolysis cavity, and the upper end of the air-cooling jacket is sealed with the outer wall of the pyrolysis cavity. The lower end of the air cooling jacket is sealed with the outer wall of the pyrolysis cavity, and the whole air layer is connected. The upper end of the air cooling jacket is provided with an air inlet, the lower end is provided with an air outlet, and the air outlet is connected with the ash bucket through a ventilation pipe. Through the technical proposal, while entering the air, the outer wall of the pyrolysis furnace and the air cooling jacket are isolated through the air layer, and a heat insulation layer is formed, which can reduce the thickness of the heat insulation layer in the inner wall of the pyrolysis cavity and reduce the cost.
The invention provides a front structure of the car body that ensures the desired rigidity and strength when the load in the front and rear direction of the vehicle is input to the shock absorber housing. In the front structure (10) of the car body provided with a torsion bar (48) for supporting the driving source of the vehicle, the torsion bar mounting mechanism (46) of the shock absorber housing (14) is provided with a front mounting part (44a). It installs the torsion bar mounting mechanism (46) in front of the vehicle of the shock absorber housing (14) And a rear mounting part (44b), which is located at the rear of the vehicle compared with the front mounting part (44a), and installs a torsion bar mounting mechanism (46) on the shock absorber housing (14). The shock absorber housing (14) is provided with a set of transverse reinforcement (28a, 28b) extending in the front and rear direction between the front mounting part (44a) and the rear mounting part (44b).
The invention relates to signal enhancement, on-line separation and real-time on-line diode array detection for free radicals. Mass spectrometry? The electronic paramagnetic resonance comprehensive analysis system includes high performance liquid phase subsystem, signal enhancement subsystem, ion separation system, detection subsystem and control and collection processing subsystem. The system can flexibly adjust the connection sequence between the signal enhancement subsystem and the ion separation system, as well as the connection mode between the analytical instruments in the sub-testing subsystem, so as to optimize the test results according to the properties of the samples to be tested and the experimental objectives. The invention overcomes the problems in the existing free radical analysis system, such as the use situation is single, the signal enhancement of the oxidized substance can not be realized, and the sensitivity of the detector is inconsistent, so that the sample injection concentration is difficult to meet the analysis requirements of each detector, and the free radical signal of the analyte can be enhanced by using a variety of modes to realize the on-line real-time comprehensive analysis of free radical substances.
The utility model relates to a supporting frame for a building wall, which relates to the technical field of building engineering equipment, comprising a base, a first supporting rod rotationally connected on the base, a connecting rod connected on the base, and a second supporting rod hinged on the connecting rod. one end of the first supporting rod and the second supporting rod far from the base is detachably connected with an installation seat. The base is connected with a baffle plate perpendicular to the base, and when the first supporting rod is rotated to meet the baffle, the first supporting rod is perpendicular to the base; a connecting block is arranged on the first supporting rod, and when the first supporting rod is in the state of the vertical base, the second supporting rod can be rotated to the connecting block position, and the second supporting rod is detachably connected with the connecting block; the upper end of the first supporting rod is detachably connected with a support base for supporting the keel. The support frame of the utility model can be converted from the oblique support mode to the vertical support mode, thereby reducing the effect of the time spent in the installation process.
A refrigerator includes a storage room, an evaporator configured to cool the storage room, and an air channel through which cold air generated by the evaporator flows. The air channel includes a blower configured to blow cold air to the storage room, and a collecting section in which the warm air generated by the defrosting operation stays in the collecting section, so as to prevent the warm air generated by the defrosting operation from being introduced into the internal space of the refrigerator through the air channel. According to the present disclosure, the refrigerator includes a collecting section in which the warm air generated by the defrosting operation is captured, so that the warm air generated by the defrosting operation can be prevented from being introduced into the inner space of the refrigerator through the air channel.
The invention provides a cool flavor for peppermint cigarette water pine paper and a preparation method and application thereof. The cool flavor flavor is prepared by mixing the following substances by weight percentage: 2% WS??23, 3% menthol, 1% menthone glycerol Ketal, 0.2% menthol acetate, 0.2% menthol acetate, 0.2% menthol lactate and 93.6% alcohol. The cold flavor essence of the mint cigarette water pine paper is added to the ink for the water pine paper according to the mass percentage of 13% green 19%, and printed to the surface of the peppermint cigarette water pine paper, and the printing amount of the ink is controlled at 0.8% 1.8g / m2, and then the peppermint cigarette water pine paper is prepared by drying, bronzing and laser drilling. The preparation method of the invention is simple and cheap, can be used for large-scale industrial production, and has strong practicability.
The utility model discloses a static device for edible oil production which is convenient for treating the residue, which comprises a static box, a first positive and negative motor, a Velcro and a second positive and negative motor. The lower part of the static box is fixedly equipped with a first positive and negative motor, and the output end of the first positive and negative motor is connected with a rotating screw, and the lower left side of the static box is equipped with an oil outlet. The rear end of the rotating shaft is connected with the output end of the second positive and negative motor, and the surface of the rotating shaft is fixedly equipped with a rotating gear. The static device for the production of edible oil, which is convenient for the treatment of the residue, can drive the rotating screw through the first positive and negative motor, so that the screen slag plate moves slowly upward on the rotating screw to reach the highest end of the rotating screw. Combined with the drive of the second positive and negative motor, the rotating gear on the surface of the rotating shaft engages with the rack, thus facilitating the scraper at the lower right end of the rack to move to the left. Scrape off the residue on the surface of the scraper.
The utility model relates to a welding wind-proof device for a steel structure, which comprises a wind-proof plate, a supporting leg is arranged at the bottom of the wind-proof plate, two side edges of the wind-proof plate are respectively provided with a bolt and a movable plug, the wind-proof plate, the leg, the pin and the movable plug constitute a wind-proof member, and a plurality of wind-proof members constitute a wind-proof wall; among the two adjacent wind-proof members, the bolt of one wind-proof member is used for inserting into the movable plug of the other wind-proof member. The movable cartridge comprises a cylinder body, which is hinged with the movable plate, the movable plate is slidably arranged on the fixing plate, and the fixing plate and the windproof plate are fixed. The utility model is convenient for transportation and handling, can be applied to different sites, and has a wide range of application.
The invention discloses a small hole filling concrete vibrating device, which comprises a pouring limit cover plate arranged horizontally at the upper end of the pouring installation cylinder and its upper end. A pouring feed hole is arranged vertically through the middle position of the upper end of the pouring limit cover plate. A vibrating installation plate is arranged horizontally above the pouring limit cover plate, and a number of air guide installation cylinders are arranged vertically down at the lower end of the vibration installation plate. The middle position of the vibrating installation plate and the pouring feed hole are vertically provided with a lifting guide hole, and the vertical penetration of the lifting guide hole and the pouring feed hole is provided with a guided lifting vibration transmission column. a number of vibration operation columns are vertically arranged at equal intervals between the front and rear sides of the guide lifting vibration drive column. the invention has the advantages of compact structure design, high functional integration and fast and stable installation. The vibrating operation is accurate and efficient.
The invention provides a heat treatment process of a narrow channel impeller for an ethylene compressor, which comprises normalizing, primary quenching, secondary quenching, primary tempering, cryogenic treatment and secondary tempering treatment. and in order to meet the special environmental requirements, the cycle cryogenic treatment and tempering treatment can be carried out after the above process plan. The invention provides a heat treatment process of a narrow channel impeller for an ethylene compressor, which can reduce the austenite content of the impeller without changing various mechanical properties of the impeller, thereby improving the size and structural stability of the impeller under working conditions. to provide a guarantee for the safe operation of the compressor.
The utility model discloses a connecting structure for setting a tower crane foundation based on a pile-raft foundation, comprising a pile foundation, a tower crane foundation connected to the top of the pile foundation, a raft foundation connected around the tower crane foundation and located at the top of the pile foundation, a tower crane embedded joint connected inside the tower crane foundation, and a set of standard sections connected to the upper part of the tower crane pre-buried section. The tower crane foundation includes a foundation body, a tower foundation steel bar connected to the inside of the foundation body, a water stop plate connected to the side of the foundation body, and a bar spaced on the side and top of the foundation body. During construction, the utility model can meet the requirements of the performance and bearing capacity of the tower crane by setting the tower crane foundation inside the raft foundation; the construction of the tower crane foundation is convenient and fast, and the tower crane can be installed and used as soon as possible, which improves the construction efficiency of the raft foundation and shortens the construction period. Through the design of the steel bar at the top layer and the steel bar at the bottom of the tower crane foundation, the original raft foundation steel bar is used as the bottom steel bar for the tower crane foundation, which not only saves materials but also meets the integrity.
The utility model discloses a warning device for road maintenance construction, which comprises a bottom plate, the top of the bottom plate is fixedly connected with a fixed box, and the inner wall of the fixed box is connected with a connecting shaft through bearing rotation, and the connecting shaft is fixedly installed with a gear roller on the outside, and the connecting shaft extends to the outside of the fixed box and is fixedly connected with a pendulum bar, the top end of the pendulum rod is fixedly installed with a mounting plate, and the positive end face of the mounting plate is connected with a warning plate. The positive end face ring of the mounting plate is provided with a flash, and a fixed mechanism is connected between the mounting plate and the warning plate, and the bottom tooth of the tooth roller is connected with a swinging mechanism. In the utility model, under the action of a fixing mechanism, when the warning sign needs to be disassembled or replaced, one of the four hand-screwed bolts can be loosened, and the connecting ring connected around the warning plate can be removed from the four external threaded columns on the mounting plate, so as to facilitate the replacement of the warning plate and the replacement, installation and fixing of the warning board with different warning signs.
The utility model relates to the technical field of eccentric connection, in particular to an eccentric degree adjusting structure, which comprises a runner and an eccentric shaft, wherein the runner slides and connects with a slider along the diameter direction, and the eccentric shaft is rotationally connected with the slider An oil cylinder is arranged on the runner to drive the slider to slide in the direction of the diameter of the runner, a piston is connected in the cylinder, the piston is fixed with a telescopic rod, and the telescopic rod is fixedly connected with the slider. The oil cylinder is provided with an adjusting assembly for adjusting the position of the piston and fixing the position of the piston. The utility model also relates to a shock absorber detection device, which comprises a base, a detection platform arranged on the base, the base is also provided with the eccentricity adjusting structure, and one end of the eccentric shaft of the eccentricity adjusting structure is rotationally connected with the testing table. The base is also provided with driving parts for driving the rotation of the runner. The utility model adjusts the eccentricity of the eccentric shaft and the runner without stopping the machine, and the adjusting speed is fast.
The utility model relates to the field of bearing parts, in particular to a split type wear-resistant copper sleeve, which comprises an inner copper sleeve and an outer copper sleeve arranged outside it. A threaded oil groove is arranged around the outer wall of the inner copper sleeve, and a plurality of oil leakage holes are uniformly arranged along the oil groove on the inner copper sleeve. An oil injection hole is arranged on the outer copper sleeve, and the oil injection hole is located at one end of the inner side of the outer copper sleeve to communicate with the oil tank. The outer copper sleeve is provided with a positioning block, the inner copper sleeve is provided with a positioning groove matched with the positioning block, and a fastening part for fastening the outer copper sleeve and the inner copper sleeve is also arranged. The utility model has the advantages of high wear resistance, simple and quick oil injection, oil storage function, prolonging lubrication time and reducing the times of oil injection, thereby reducing the workload of the staff.
The utility model discloses a climbing form hydraulic material distribution machine, which comprises a material distribution machine and a climbing mold frame, the supporting leg of the material distribution machine is connected with the top plate of the climbing mold frame, the supporting leg and the top plate are connected by a quick insertion structure, and the bottom of the supporting leg is provided with a groove. The roof plate is provided with a movable connector corresponding to the position of the groove at the bottom of the supporting leg, and the movable connector can be moved radially along the groove through the chute, and the upper limited position clamp of the movable connecting head The position of the limiting clamp head is limited in the groove. The cloth machine part and the climbing mold frame can be quickly connected through a groove movable connector, which saves the work of connecting multiple bolts in each leg part, and only needs to use a wrench to screw the control rod at the bottom of the climbing mold frame to operate the connection and disconnection of the leg. When in normal use, the cooperation between the movable connector and the groove will not be eroded by Rain Water, which effectively prevents the occurrence of corrosion.
The utility model discloses a red wine detection distillation generating device, which comprises a bottom plate, the top side of the bottom plate is fixedly connected with a first supporting rod, the internal sliding connection of the first supporting rod is connected with a slider, and the front rotation of the slider is connected with a rotating block. a motor is installed on one side of the rotating block, and the output shaft of the motor is connected with a transmission rod. When the utility model is in use, when the testing is completed, the pin is pulled out, then the cork is lifted, and the rotating block is rotated 90 degrees, then the cleaning sponge is inserted into the heating bottle, the slider is fixed through the pin, the heating furnace is turned off, and the motor is turned on. The motor drives the cleaning sponge through the transmission rod to clean the interior of the heating bottle, compared with the existing detection device. The utility model can conveniently clean the heating bottle in time after the detection is completed, which is safer and more convenient to use, thereby speeding up the detection process and improving the detection efficiency greatly.
The invention discloses a concrete construction method for low temperature season in an alpine area, relating to the technical field of concrete construction, heating is carried out during concrete pouring through a special electric heating formwork, and heating copper wires are uniformly distributed in the electric heating formwork. The electrothermal formwork is provided with a temperature sensor and a heating rod on the side of the template facing the concrete, the heating copper wire is wound on the heating rod, and the heating rod is externally provided with a heat conducting shell. The heating rod is vertically inserted into the concrete to heat the concrete The setting density of the temperature sensor is one per 1m, the setting density of the heating rod is one per 0.04m, and the inside of the electrothermal template and the surface of the heat conducting shell are painted with waterproof paint. It can solve the problem of concrete construction in low temperature season in high cold area and improve the construction efficiency of concrete engineering.
The utility model discloses a device for detecting the working efficiency of a vehicle air conditioner, which comprises a detection frame and a fixing frame. The top inner wall and the bottom inner wall of the fixed frame are fixedly connected with two No. 2 hydraulic cylinders, and the other ends of the two No. 2 hydraulic cylinders located in the same horizontal plane are fixedly connected with the same No. 2 sealing plate, and the four No. 2 hydraulic cylinders are connected with a synchronous hydraulic system. The inner walls of both sides of the fixing frame are fixedly connected with two No. 1 hydraulic cylinders. The utility model is provided with a No. 1 hydraulic cylinder, a No. 1 sealing plate, a No. 2 hydraulic cylinder and a No. 2 sealing plate, when the testing equipment is connected with the air conditioner, the connecting sleeve is connected to the adjusting end of the air conditioner, and then by adjusting the No. 1 hydraulic cylinder and the No. 2 hydraulic cylinder to drive the No. 1 sealing plate and the No. 2 sealing plate to seal the connecting sleeve and the air conditioning regulating end, so as to improve the tightness of the detection device and improve its scope of application. The adjustability increases its adaptation range, and then improves the accuracy of the test results.
The invention relates to a cutting device, in particular to an agricultural forage cutting device. The technical problem to be solved by the invention is to provide an agricultural forage cutting device which saves time and effort, has fast cutting speed, does not need to be cut manually, is not easy to cut, and will not cause hand injury. The invention provides such an agricultural forage cutting device, which comprises a placing plate, a supporting leg, a first guide rod, an undulating plate, a first spring, a cutter, a vertical plate, a slide rail, a first slider, etc.; a supporting leg is symmetrically installed on the left and right sides of the bottom of the board, a through hole is arranged in the middle of the placement plate, and a guide hole is symmetrically arranged on the left and right sides of the plate. Through the mobile device, the invention can shake the collection frame, so that the forage is located in the collection frame more smoothly, and through the pushing device, the grass remaining on the placing board can be pushed into the collection frame, thus saving time and effort and fast cutting speed. It is not easy to cut the hand, and will not cause hand injury.
The invention discloses a prefabricated cross beam and a construction method thereof, belonging to the technical field of building construction. The technical key points are as follows: a prefabricated cross beam, which in turn includes a central part, an inner transition part, an outer transition part and an end member with an assembly hole from the center to the periphery. There are several steel bars in the inner transition part, and the end of the steel bar one extends along the length direction of the inner transition part and protrudes outside the inner transition part. There are a number of steel bars in the outer transition piece, the end of the steel bar 2 extends along the length direction of the outer transition part and protrudes outside the outer transition part, and the inner transition part is provided with a number of positioning holes for the insertion of steel bar 1 and steel bar 2, and a number of positioning holes 2 for steel bar 1 and steel bar 2 are arranged on the outer transition part The central part comprises a receiving base and at least two reinforced steel rings, a cross-shaped groove is arranged on the bearing base, and a vertical steel bar is connected between the reinforced steel ring and the steel bar. Each component can be positioned and assembled quickly and accurately, which can greatly shorten the assembly time of the cross beam and improve the assembly efficiency.
The utility model discloses a tool-type prefabricated cap, comprising four corner connecting columns, two or more central connecting columns and two or more wood formwork. The corner connecting column is composed of an aluminum alloy square pass and a corner wood square fixed on both sides of the aluminum alloy square pass and arranged at right angles. The middle connection column is composed of an aluminum alloy square pass and a middle wood square fixed on both sides of the aluminum alloy square pass and arranged in a straight line, and one or more middle connection columns are arranged between the adjacent corner connection columns. a wood template is fixedly connected between the corner wood square on the corner connection column and the middle wood square on the middle connection column, and a rectangular prefabricated cap is formed by enclosing the wood template. The utility model can directly transfer the prefabricated cap to the designated position in the construction process, which not only optimizes the construction process, but also solves the quality defects of the traditional masonry cap, improves the work efficiency, saves the cost and shortens the construction period.
The invention discloses a construction method of a prestressed concrete double T slab, which comprises the following steps: first, the surface of the prestressed double T slab needs to be locally thinned where the surface of the prestressed double T slab needs to be superimposed, and then the surface of the thin part is treated with wool to make its surface rough. Through calculation, the laminated layer is made, and then the laminated layer is attached to the polished surface, so as to improve the overall performance of the prestressed double T plate through the laminated members, and the connecting bar is fixed on the double T plate by cement pouring. The limited position bar is placed above the double T plate, and the two ends of the limiting bar are fixedly connected with the double T plate to strengthen the laminated members and prevent the deformation of the laminated members. Enhance the load capacity of laminated components The structure of the device is reasonable and convenient to operate. through calculation, the laminated layer is added to the surface after feathering, so that the superposition method of prestressed double T plate is flexible and has wide practical application.
The invention discloses an annular guide mobile vibration device, which comprises a guide vibration installation cylinder. A plurality of curved elastic mounting plates are arranged on the outside of the guide vibrating installation cylinder at an equal angle through rapid rotation. The middle positions of the arc elastic mounting plates are longitudinally embedded with a globoidal reset rubber plate. The arc surface elastic mounting plate at both ends of the fast rotation installation structure and the guide vibration installation cylinder are provided with a guide movement vibration module. The guide movement vibration module includes a telescopic pneumatic vibration structure arranged on the arc surface elastic installation plate on one side of the fast rotation installation structure and an adaptive guide movement structure arranged on the arc surface elastic installation plate on the other side of the fast rotation installation structure. The invention has compact structure design The utility model has the advantages of stable guided movement, elastic telescopic structure, strong adaptability, comprehensive stability of multi-point vibration, continuous vibration, high efficiency and good quality.
The utility model discloses a geomembrane laying device, comprising a pair of symmetrically arranged vertical plates, each of which is connected with a short shaft inserted in the geomembrane roll at the bottom; a groove is arranged on the inner wall of the vertical plate, and a rotary shaft is arranged in the groove. the two ends of the rotary shaft are rotated and connected on the inner wall of the groove; the rotation shaft is provided with a rubber roller for limiting the side of the geomembrane roll. A through hole is arranged on the vertical plate, a double rotating screw is arranged in the through hole, and two screw nuts are arranged on the double rotating screw, and the screw nuts are fixedly connected to the inner wall of the vertical plate. The utility model can adapt to the laying of different wide geomembrane and has a wide application range; by setting a rubber roller on the vertical plate, when the geomembrane side is in contact with the rubber roller, the sliding friction is converted into rolling friction, the friction force is reduced, and the operation is smooth; at the same time, it is also convenient for assembly and convenient for maintenance and replacement in the future.
The utility model belongs to the technical field of automobile maintenance equipment, in particular to an automobile maintenance tire replacement device, which comprises a device main body, a bottom plate 1, a bottom plate 2 and a tire extraction mechanism. The other side of the bottom body of the device is fixedly connected with a bottom plate 1, one side of the base plate 1 is fixedly connected with a damping spring 1, one side of the damping spring 1 is fixedly connected with a base plate 2, and the top of the base plate 2 is embedded with a damping plate. The top of the base plate 1 is movably connected with a support column, and the connection column at the top of the support column will move from the vertical track to one side of the horizontal track, and then remove the old tire and replace the new tire. Finally, the hand-held connecting column is moved to the vertical track to fix the screws on the tire, and the main body of the device is provided with a removal mechanism, so that the user can remove and replace the tire as long as the connecting column and the tire extraction mechanism are moved. Moreover, the operation of the removal mechanism is simple, which makes it more convenient and rapid for users to replace automobile tires, and has a broad development prospect in the future.
The utility model relates to the technical field of mechanical equipment installation, in particular to a foundation bolt leveling structure, comprising a foundation bolt arranged in a concrete foundation, and a cushion plate supporting assembly for supporting the equipment base plate and fitting with the anchor bolt thread, and the backing plate supporting assembly is provided with a tightening adjusting mechanism for adjusting the thread matching pre-tightening force between the backing plate supporting assembly and the anchor bolt. The backing plate supporting assembly comprises a backing plate supporting sleeve and a tightening ring as a tightening adjusting mechanism. The anchor bolt leveling structure in the utility model can realize load-free leveling, so as to assist in improving the safety and efficiency of the equipment leveling construction, and can assist in ensuring the leveling installation stability of the equipment.
The utility model relates to the technical field of concrete construction, in particular to an integral oblique support device for a prefabricated concrete wall, which comprises a first fixed block. The right side of the first fixed block is fixedly connected with a first connecting screw through a connecting bolt. The other end of the first connecting screw rotates to connect one end of the first unidirectional nut, and the other end of the first unidirectional nut rotates to connect the first adjusting screw. The beneficial effect is that the utility model can adjust the length of the pull rod unidirectionally by setting the coordination of the one-way nut and the screw rod, so that the length of the pull rod accords with the pre-buried position, and at the same time, after the prefabricated concrete exterior wall enters the field, the installation of the cable-stayed rod can correct the position of the wall in the process of workers' hoisting. By setting L-shaped fixtures in the lower part of the wall, the height can be adjusted up and down with gaskets to adapt to the rapid adjustment of the uneven concrete of the bottom floor, speed up the construction progress, and make use of the cooperation of screw and chute to adjust the thickness twice with different precision.
The invention provides a pile foundation fixing device for civil engineering, which relates to the field of pile foundation. The pile foundation fixing device for civil engineering includes the ground, the interior of the ground is provided with a groove, the bottom of the groove is provided with a strengthening groove connected with the groove, the interior of the groove is provided with a foundation, and the top of the foundation is fixedly connected with a high pile foundation. the inside of the high pile foundation is provided with a damping seat, the top of the high pile foundation is fixed with a cap, and the outside of the cap is provided with a fixing part. The pile foundation fixing device for civil engineering is provided with a cross bar, a connecting cylinder, a buffer sleeve and a jacket, the jacket is clamped on the outside of the high pile foundation, and the buffer sleeve fits the outside of the high pile foundation, and the vibration of the high pile foundation is transmitted to the cross rod. the cross rod squeezes the beads inward, resets the arc seat to limit, and the beads push down the buffer to cushion and reduce the vibration. The vibration is buffered by adjusting the up and down movement of the rod and the buffer adjustment of the second reset spring, so as to reduce the influence of the vibration on the pile foundation.
The utility model discloses a lightweight concrete chute with adjustable length and easy assembly and disassembly, which relates to the technical field of engineering construction, including a chute bottom plate, the top of the chute floor is fixedly connected with an inclined baffle, the top of the chute floor is provided with a card slot, one side of the chute bottom plate is provided with a round hole, and one side of the chute bottom plate is threaded to connect a limited position column. The other side of the chute bottom plate is movably connected with a bottom extension plate. The lightweight concrete chute with adjustable length and easy to assemble and disassemble can quickly disassemble and disassemble the chute through the matching setting of chute bottom plate, card slot, round hole, chute side plate, spring and limit block, which solves the situation that the existing integrated chute is heavy and not easy to disassemble and assemble. Through the coordination and setting of chute bottom plate, limit column, bottom extension plate, limit hole, chute side plate and side extension board, the length of chute can be easily adjusted, which solves the situation that the existing fixed length of chute is not suitable for various construction sites.
The utility model discloses an external wall board maintenance warehouse for an assembled building, which comprises a warehouse body, the left side of the front of the warehouse body is hinged with a door plate, the bottom of the warehouse body is slidably connected with a storage vehicle through a guide rail, and the storage vehicle includes a bottom plate. The front side of the top of the base plate is fixedly connected with a fixed plate, and the top surface of the bottom plate is fixedly connected with a frame, and the frame is embedded with a plurality of wall panels. The frame comprises four columns, the bottom of the inside of the four columns is fixedly connected with a base, the inner bottom wall of the base is fixedly connected with a plurality of partitions, and the middle part of the inner side of the two columns on the right is fixedly connected with a Jack, the two jacks run through, the top of the inside of the four columns is fixedly connected with a fixed frame, and the prefabricated building uses an external wall board maintenance bin, which relates to a building assembly equipment. By setting up a storage car, the convenience of storage and access of the wallboard is greatly improved.
The embodiment of the invention discloses a method, a device and an electronic device for obtaining value-added service information, which relates to value-added service technology and can optimize pushed value-added service information. The method for obtaining value-added service information includes: obtaining the current scene of electronic equipment, querying the mapping strategy table of the preset electronic equipment scene and the value-added service type, and obtaining the value-added service type mapped in the current scene; the value-added service information corresponding to the obtained value-added service type is requested. The invention is suitable for optimizing the display of value-added service information.
The utility model discloses a civil engineering construction installation stabilizing device, which comprises a main bracket, a rotary frame, a moving frame and a clamping wheel. The top of the main bracket is provided with a rotary frame, and the bottom of the rotary frame is fixedly connected with the top end of the first rotating shaft. The first rotating shaft is arranged in the internal cavity of the main bracket and is supported by the first bearing seat, and the bottom end of the first rotating shaft is fixed with a first bevel gear. The first bevel gear engages with the second bevel gear, and the second bevel gear is fixed at one end of the second rotating shaft, which is supported by the second bearing seat. By setting a rotating frame, a first rotating shaft, a first bevel gear, a second bevel gear, a second rotating shaft, a connecting cylinder, a screw, a nut seat, a moving frame and a clamping wheel, the clamping efficiency of the device is high, and the overall installation efficiency of the steel nail is improved, the stability during clamping is good, and the distance between the left and right sides of the clamping mechanism can be adjusted to meet the needs of different steel nail spacing.
The invention relates to an ecological ring field, in particular to an ecological barrier protection device for forest restoration, which comprises a compression spring, a bottom strip, a horizontal underframe, a limit column, a protective barrier, a vertical support, a forward and backward moving column and a transverse round rod. the invention can apply pressure to trees or rocks in the ecological environment while blocking protection, so as to prevent trees or rocks from dumping. A horizontal underframe is arranged in the middle of the bottom strip of the protective bracket, the lower end of the protective bracket is hinged and connected to the horizontal underframe, the front end of the bottom bar is fixedly connected with a vertical limit column, and the upper side of the bottom bar is fixedly connected with a vertical bracket. the upper part of the vertical bracket is sliding and connected with a forward and backward moving column in the front and rear direction, a transverse round bar is fixed at the back end of the moving column, and a compression spring is attached to the front and back moving column. The compression spring is located between the vertical bracket and the transverse bar, the transverse rod is pressed on the front side of the protective bracket, and the limit column is located on the front side of the forward and backward moving column.
The invention relates to the air conditioning technical field and discloses an air conditioning duct assembly which is convenient for assembly, which comprises a main air duct, the right side of the main air duct is fixedly connected with the main air duct, the right end of the main air duct is provided with a connecting port, the connecting port is provided with a groove, the main air duct is threaded with a sub-solenoid, the right end of the connecting port is provided with a secondary air duct, and a clamping sleeve is arranged on both the secondary air duct and the main air duct. The auxiliary air duct is slidably connected with a female screw pipe, a chute is arranged above the auxiliary air duct, a slider is arranged on the upper part of the chute, a spherical groove is arranged on the upper part of the slider, a balloon ball is arranged in the inner cavity of the spherical groove, and a suspender is fixedly connected on the upper part of the balloon ball. The air conditioning duct assembly, which is convenient for assembly, is provided with a clamping sleeve with an air tight ring, sealed and fastened with the threaded connection of the mother and child solenoid, and then inflated with the balloon ball on the suspender to connect the secondary air duct, thus achieving the effect of convenient assembly and preventing air leakage.
A modern landscape decoration rammed earth wall and its construction method, taking the soil in the construction site as the main raw material, sifting, mixing with gravel, sand and cement according to the soil material mix ratio of soil: gravel: sand: cement: water = 6, 3, 15, 2, 0.55, 1.2, mixing with gravel, sand and cement, setting up wood formwork according to the wall size, carrying out layered tamping in the formwork, and using steel bar and bamboo bar combination in the wall at the same time After the mold is removed, the surface layer is treated. The innovative content mainly focuses on the following aspects: soil-material mix ratio, structural reinforcement mode, wall tamping technology and surface maintenance, among which the mix ratio of rammed earth material is the core content of modern decorative rammed earth wall. it determines whether the decorative wall can be safe, stable, practical and beautiful. The structural reinforcement technology, wall ramming method and surface maintenance means not only ensure the function of modern rammed earth wall, but also fully meet people's pursuit and enjoyment of architectural aesthetics.
The utility model discloses a concrete conveying hopper, which relates to the technical field of concrete preparation, comprising a hopper body, and an anti-collision lining plate is connected on the inner wall of the hopper body. It solves the problem that when the concrete in the mixing mechanism falls into the hopper body, the aggregate in the concrete will collide with the hopper body, thus reducing the service life of the hopper body. The utility model has the effect of high service life of the hopper body.
The invention discloses a high-altitude anti-falling net for improving construction safety, belonging to the field of building construction, and solves the problem of inflexible fixing mode of the existing protective net. The main points of the technical proposal are as follows: the fixing device comprises a protective net and a fixing device for fixing the protective net and the steel structure, and the fixing device comprises a plurality of installation blocks, and the installation block is provided with a fixing part for fixing the installation block and the steel structure. A number of rope hooks capable of catching the protective net are arranged on the front side of the mounting block along the length direction of the mounting block. When in use, a protective net cooperates with at least four installation blocks, first hook the rope hook on the installation block to the edge of the protection net, fix the installation block and the protection net, and then install the installation block on the steel pipe of the steel structure through the fixing parts. the fixation of the protection net and the steel structure can be realized and the construction personnel can be protected.
The utility model relates to a channel installation auxiliary device, in particular to a positioning bracket of a charged particle channel, which comprises an installation frame, a positioning adjustment component and a support rod, and the positioning adjustment component is provided with at least four groups. The four groups of positioning adjustment components are uniformly distributed and installed on the installation frame, and the length direction of the output end of the positioning adjustment assembly is parallel to the plane of the installation frame. And the output end can be extended to the inside of the installation frame, and the upper end of the support rod is installed on the outside of the installation frame. The utility model has the advantages of simple structure and convenient positioning and adjustment of the channel.
The invention discloses a container equipment room with convenient disassembly and assembly, which relates to the technical field of container construction and aims to solve the technical problem of inconvenient disassembly and assembly. the main points of the technical scheme include a pair of side plates surrounded by a box-shaped structure, a pair of end plates, a top cover located above the side plate and the end plate, and a base located below the side plate and the end plate. Both ends of the side plate are provided with connecting strips in the vertical direction. The side wall of the end plate is provided with a connection groove for interference insertion of the connecting bar in the vertical direction. An extension plate is vertically fixed near the bottom of the outer wall of the side plate and the end plate, the side of the base and the extension plate is covered with a protective strip, and the protective strip is provided with a protection groove for interference insertion on the side side of the base and the extension plate along its length direction; the bottom wall of the top cover is provided with an installation hole for interference insertion of the structure surrounded by a pair of side plates and a pair of end plates, which can be installed and disassembled manually without additional auxiliary tools, which has the advantage of convenient disassembly and disassembly.
The embodiment of the invention discloses a construction method of large diameter cast-in-place pile in deep water, which relates to the technical field of cast-in-place pile construction and can be applied to the construction of cast-in-place pile in the middle and deep waters of the river. Include: measuring and setting out; burying the casing; driving the rotary drilling rig to the hole to be constructed, adjusting the angle of the drill pipe, putting the drill bit into the hole surrounded by the steel casing, adjusting the horizontal and verticality parameters of the rig platform; measuring and placing the leveling point elevation of the top, ground and rig platform, adjusting the deviation between the center of the bit and the top surface of the casing within the range of design tolerance; drilling with mud wall protection; cleaning and changing slurry, and testing the shape of the hole. After passing the test, the steel cage is placed and several ducts are lowered; the sediment thickness at the bottom of the hole is measured, and if the sediment thickness does not exceed the first threshold, the pouring platform is set up, the concrete is poured, and whether the conduit is raised or pulled out is determined according to the concrete pouring speed; when pouring to the designed pile height, stop pouring. The invention is applicable to the construction of bridges in deep waters.
The utility model provides an assembled bridge, belonging to the technical field of bridge engineering, comprising a precast pile foundation, a cast-in-place slurry, a cast-in-place cap, a precast pier, a precast main beam, a cast-in-place paving layer and a precast guardrail. Technical effect: the concave groove and transition steel bar can realize the connection of two adjacent prefabricated bridge decks, making it a whole. At the same time, due to the setting of the concave groove, the joint is non-linear, which can restrain the generation of continuous cracks to a certain extent, release part of the stress in the concave groove, and effectively avoid cracks. It ensures the stability and reliability of the connection of the two adjacent precast bridge decks, and can improve the construction quality of the prefabricated bridge. In addition, precast pile foundation, precast pier, precast main beam and precast guardrail adopt standardized design, factory production and assembly construction, which can make standardized design easy to popularize, improve industrial manufacturing efficiency, and strictly control automatic production quality. speed up the speed of bridge construction.
The utility model relates to the field of building materials manufacturing, and discloses a core mold locking device, which comprises a locking edge block, which is a semicircular annular block, and the locking edge block is divided into two groups, the inner wall of the locking edge block is provided with a card groove, the card groove is an L-shaped semicircular annular groove, and the internal tilt of the card groove is provided with a limiting rubber plate. In the utility model, the core mold locking device starts to work when the equipment starts to make the vibrating rod work. The vibration produced by the vibrating rod causes the vibrator chassis to squeeze the top of the limiting rubber plate so that the top of the limiting rubber plate is lowered through the main spring, and at the same time, through the inclined limiting rubber plate, when the limiting rubber plate falls to a certain position, it is unable to continue to press down due to triangular restrictions, so as to remove the vibration force produced by the vibration to the equipment, so as to achieve the effect of reducing the vibration frequency transmitted to the equipment by the vibration rod. So as to avoid the occurrence of loosening or falling off at the connection of the equipment due to the high vibration frequency of the vibrating rod.
The utility model discloses a welding device for processing automobile parts, which comprises a base, a worktable is fixedly installed at the upper end of the base, a clamping plate is arranged at the upper end of the worktable, and the internal thread of the clamping plate is connected with a threaded column. the lower end of the threaded column is screwed into the interior of the worktable, the lower end of the clamping plate is located on one side of the threaded column, and the lower end of the limiting rod is inserted into the interior of the worktable. A movable plate is inserted on the upper side of the worktable, the upper end of the worktable is fixedly connected with a limited position sleeve, the limiting sleeve is located above the movable plate, the lower part of the worktable is permanently connected with a mobile pipe, and one end of the mobile pipe is inserted into the inner upper layer of the base, and a movable plate is designed to make the device, after welding the parts, open the movable plate to make the machined parts fall into the inner heat preservation of the base and cool slowly. The soldering firmness of the parts is increased, and a push plate is designed to push the falling parts away from the drop port, so that the device can work continuously and increase the work efficiency.
The invention discloses an inflatable cement protection device for use in building construction, which comprises an airbag sealing device, a roof plate, an umbrella plate, a drying device, a column, a cushion plate, a supporting foot and a self-cleaning wheel, and the bottom of the bottom plate is vertically connected with a supporting foot. The bottom of the supporting foot is equipped with a self-cleaning wheel, the base plate is connected with a cushion plate, and the roof plate is arranged above and parallel to the cushion plate, and the two are connected by a vertical column. The top of the roof is connected with an umbrella plate, a drying device is installed on the roof, the airbag sealing device is arranged between the bottom plate and the roof, and the airbag sealing device is composed of an air compressor, an air duct, an airbag, an iron ring, a permanent magnet ring, a pull rope and a pulley. the airbag is cylindrical, and the top of the airbag is connected with the roof. The beneficial effect of the invention is that the air bag is closed and opened by inflating and pumping the cylindrical airbag. The protection of cement is faster to avoid sudden heavy rain too late to collect and reduce losses.
The utility model provides a device for quickly binding steel bars by steel bar workers, comprising a steel bar binding device, a rotary hook fixing rod and a U-shaped guide rod. The steel bar binding device is fixed with a rotary hook fixing rod. The bottom of the rotary hook fixing rod is welded with a rotating hook of rotating iron wire, and the rotating hook fixing rod is fixed with a U-shaped guide rod in the opposite direction with the rotating hook. The U-shaped guide rod is used for guiding the iron wire to protrude the U-shaped guide rod in an upward direction. Compared with the prior art, the steel bar is hooked by the U-shaped guide rod, and the position of the steel bar bundler is rotated as a whole, and through the support of the screw hook, the distance between the steel bar and the bottom plate is enlarged. the wire that needs to be rotated is guided through the U-shaped guide rod and passes through the steel bar, and after passing through the steel bar, the direction of the wire will face upward, which is convenient for the user to control and rotate the wire, and the operation is simple and convenient. The binding efficiency of steel bar is higher, and the effect of binding is better.
The utility model discloses a reinforced concrete beam-column joint core area strengthening structure, comprising a plurality of prestressed hoops uniformly distributed in the periphery of the joint to be strengthened, and the prestressed hoops are vertically connected by a plurality of vertical tendons. A prestressed channel is reserved on the prestressed hoop, and a prestressed steel bar is inserted in the prestressed channel, and the end of the unbonded prestressed hoop is tensioned. The reinforcement material is poured around the prestressed hoop to form a reinforcement structure. Through the above way, the utility model can achieve the purpose of strengthening the core area of reinforced concrete beam-column joints, does not need to unload the original structure, greatly reduces the workload, improves the work efficiency and has strong adaptability.
The invention discloses an anti-high-rise falling device for a building under construction, which relates to the technical field of construction protection, in particular to a shell, a first liquid transmission pipe and a feeding mechanism. A dilute hydrochloric acid box is installed inside the shell. A soda powder box is arranged on the right side of the dilute hydrochloric acid box, and a mixing chamber is arranged directly below the dilute hydrochloric acid box, and the first liquid transmission pipe is arranged between the mixing chamber and the dilute hydrochloric acid box. Through the setting of the rotating structure between the spiral blade and the feeding mechanism, the anti-high-rise falling object device used in the construction under construction enables the feeding mechanism to carry out centrifugal transmission to the baking soda at its top, thus speeding up the time for the material to enter the mixing chamber, thus speeding up the mixing efficiency of the mixing chamber to a certain extent, thus improving the working efficiency of the protective device, and through the rotation of the spiral blade. It can be crushed between baking soda and baking soda with larger particles, thus providing convenience for the reaction between them.
The utility model discloses a precast wall body, in which a cast-in-place area is constructed inside the precast wall body, and a through groove is arranged at the bottom of the precast wall body along the length direction of the prefabricated wall body, and the through groove is connected with at least part of the cast-in-place area; a concrete shunt channel is also arranged in the precast wall body, and one end of the concrete shunt channel is connected with the cast-in-place area, and the other end is connected with the through groove.
The invention provides a masonry ash seam forming device, which comprises a vertical seam forming device and a horizontal seam forming device, which aims to solve the problem that the artificial hook seam proposed in the background technology causes different radians of the ash seam, resulting in different width of the ash seam surface and low smoothness.
The application discloses a shell of an electronic device. the shell includes a plastic substrate, a first bonding layer arranged on the plastic substrate, an optical film layer arranged on the first bonding layer, a color paint layer arranged on the optical film layer, a second bonding layer arranged on the color paint layer and a finish paint layer arranged on the second bonding layer Wherein, the first bonding layer, the color paint layer, the second bonding layer and the surface paint layer are all light permeable materials, and the optical film layer includes at least one metal oxide layer formed on the first bonding layer by sputtering or evaporation process. the application also discloses a manufacturing method of the shell and an electronic device, by which the application can improve the permeability of the shell and facilitate the diversified design of the shell color.
The invention relates to the field of mechanical equipment, specifically discloses a mechanical support table for automobile maintenance, wherein a mounting groove is arranged on the top side of the support plate, an adjusting plate is slid connected in the installation slot, one end of the regulating plate is slidably connected with a limited position strip, the bottom end of the limiting strip is fixedly connected with a fixing ring, the top end of the fixing ring is fixedly connected with a tension spring, and both sides of the bottom of the adjusting plate are rotated and connected with adjusting bolts The top end of the installation groove is uniformly connected with a load-bearing rod, the inner side of the load-bearing rod is sliding connected with a sliding rod, the outer surface of the sliding rod is fixedly connected with a locking plate, one end of the locking plate is rotated and connected with a locking screw, and one end of the locking screw is fixedly connected with a rotating handle. The height of the limit bar of the invention changes with the position of the wheel, and the load-bearing rod and the locking plate clamp the limit bar by turning the locking screw and turning the handle, and then limit the wheel, so that sliding will not occur in the process of automobile maintenance. the safety performance of the support platform is improved.
The invention relates to an apparatus (1) for inspecting a tire (200). The device comprises a support member (102) suitable for shelving on the support member, and the tire therefore has a shelf wall and a free wall defined in the tire. The free wall is arranged at a certain height relative to the support. The first deformation system (130) is configured to apply a compression force on the surface of the first part of the free wall through physical contact so as to elastically deform the first part, thereby forming the first deformed part of the free wall A first positioning actuator (132) operably connected to the first deformation system (130) and configured to move the surface of the first portion of the first deformation system toward and away from the free wall of the tire, the movement having at least one component along a first axis (X1) parallel to the axis of rotation of the tire (201) A second deformation system (300) is configured to apply a compression force on the surface of the second part of the free wall through physical contact so as to elastically deform the second part, thereby forming a second deformed part of the free wall A second positioning actuator (332) operably connected to the second deformation system (300) and configured to move the second deformation system toward and away from the surface of the second portion of the free wall of the tire, the movement having at least one component along a second axis (X2) parallel to the rotation axis (201) of the tire A moving member for rotating the tire relative to the first deformation system (130) and the second deformation system (300) about the axis of rotation Wherein, the first plane of the rotation axis (201) and the first axis (X1) passing through the tire and the second plane of the rotation axis (201) and the second axis (X2) passing through the tire form an angle between about 90 °and about 180 °.
The utility model relates to the technical field of mask production equipment, in particular to a folding mask edge sealing device. The utility model comprises that a product silo clip 2, a product feeding mechanism 3, a product correction mechanism 4, a flanging pressing rotation mechanism 5, an ultrasonic welding mechanism 6 and a product blanking mechanism 7 are arranged on the frame 1 according to the working procedure. The product orthopaedic mechanism 4, the ultrasonic welding mechanism 6 and the product blanking mechanism 7 are arranged around the flanging pressing rotation mechanism 5 and in turn along the rotation direction, and the product silo magazine 2 is arranged on the outside of the product orthopedic mechanism 4. The product feeding mechanism 3 is arranged close to the product orthopedic mechanism 4, and a controller 8 is arranged on one side of the rack 1. The controller 8 is provided with a touch screen 81 and a control button 82. The utility model welds the mouth and nose edge and the lower wrapping edge of the semi-finished mask through the above working procedure, so that the cover body of the folding mask is closed, the structure is simple, the use is convenient, the automation degree is high, the production efficiency is fast, and the utility model is practical.
The invention discloses a tire inner quality detection device, which comprises a pull-out unit, comprising a first pullout assembly, a second pullout assembly and a two-way hydraulic cylinder. The two ends of the bidirectional hydraulic cylinder are respectively connected with the first pullout assembly and the second pullout assembly, and the first pullout assembly is symmetrically arranged with the second pullout assembly. The driving rotation unit comprises a rolling driving assembly and a rolling assembly connected with the rolling driving assembly, wherein the rolling assembly is arranged in parallel with the bi-directional hydraulic cylinder; the bearing unit includes an outer shell and a supporting housing; and, the two ends of the lifting unit are respectively connected with the outer shell and the supporting housing. Through the mutual cooperation between the set pulling unit, the driving rotation unit, the bearing unit and the lifting unit, the invention can automatically pull out the inner wall of the tire, so that it is convenient for the tester to spot-check the tire quality. at the same time, the height of the tire can be adjusted according to the comfort detected by the tester.
The utility model relates to a clothing template machine, which comprises a frame, a worktable and a longitudinal sliding mechanism. A working beam is connected on the longitudinal sliding mechanism, and a transverse sliding component is arranged on the working crossbeam. A drawing and cutting assembly for drawing and cutting drawings is arranged on the transverse sliding component, and a rewinding assembly is arranged at one end of the length direction of the worktable. One end of the worktable away from the unwinding assembly is provided with a traction assembly, which includes a support frame fixed to the side wall of the worktable along the length direction of the worktable, and two support frames are arranged along the width direction of the worktable. Each support frame is rotated and connected with a traction wheel and an auxiliary wheel for holding the drawing, and the axes of the traction wheel and the auxiliary wheel are arranged along the width direction of the worktable. A traction motor for driving the rotation of the traction wheel is also arranged on the support frame. The utility model has the effect of automatically changing drawings.
The utility model discloses a spark spatter baffle for pipe welding, which comprises a main body of an equipment device, a protective plate and an eye protection perspective window. One end of the main body of the equipment device is fixedly connected with a protective plate, and the middle part of the protective plate is fixedly connected with an eye protective perspective window. The outer wall of the protective plate is fixedly connected with a visual glass plate, the bottom end of the main body of the equipment device is fixedly connected with a battery shell, and the middle part of the drawing plate is fixedly connected with a pull ring. The bottom end of the LED lamp is fixedly connected with a cover plate, and the cover plate is set at the back, which can prevent the light source from shining on the eyes of the staff, reflecting the protective nature. When you need to use the pull plate, you can force it through the pull ring and pull it out conveniently, which reflects the practicability. The battery shell is a high temperature resistant material mica plate, which can prevent the high temperature of the spark from affecting the internal battery during welding, reflecting the protective nature. Protective plate can be used to block sparks, suitable for the use of welding, and has a broad development prospect in the future.
The invention discloses a method and a device for determining the influence degree of a commodity attribute on a purchase decision, wherein the method includes: obtaining a preselected or booked first commodity and a substitute commodity corresponding to the first commodity, and generating the attribute substitution characteristic of the commodity attribute according to the comparison result of the commodity attribute value of the first commodity and the substitute commodity. The attribute substitution characteristics are input into the random forest algorithm fitting model for substitution prediction, and the influence value of the commodity attribute on the purchase decision is determined according to the attribute substitution characteristics and the results of the substitution prediction. The method and device of the invention can accurately obtain the influence degree of the commodity attribute on the purchase decision by quantifying the influence factors of the commodity attribute on the purchase decision, which is helpful to understand how the consumer makes the decision in the shopping process. can help e-commerce enterprises to more accurately capture the needs of consumers, but also increase the shopping experience of consumers.
The invention discloses a process for realizing the effect of velvet gold on a non-metallic surface, which comprises the following steps: S1, dehumidification and drying; S2, painting protection for the first time; S3, vacuum coating; S4, preparing bright gold paint bottom; S5, manual sticker; S6, primer spraying; S7, topcoat spraying; S8, spraying titanium gold powder; S9, tearing paper. The invention has the following advantages and effects: the shape of the handicraft obtained by this process has the effect of velvet sand gold, and at the same time, the production cost can be reduced, so as to circulate on a large scale in the market.
The invention discloses a paper-cut process of a fan, which comprises the following steps: (a) fixing the fan bone and selecting the upper outer frame according to the internal and external dimensions of the fan bone; (B) using the folk paper-cut symmetrical paper-cut method to start with the composition of the flowers, first cutting out the peony shape; (C) adopting the Yin-cut method and interlacing the willow leaf pattern on the leaves. D, then cut the peony under the bottom, adopt the peony petal shape first inside and then outside, cut out the peony shape according to the hierarchical sense; E, then cut out the peony flower with serrated shape; F, then cut out the butterfly shape; G, finally fold the fan bone, the paper-cut process adopted by the invention is simple to operate, and the cut pattern has both shape and spirit, thus improving the ornamental value of the fan.
The utility model relates to the technical field of a mask machine, in particular to a plane mask machine, which comprises a feeding rack, a mask body making machine and an earband welding machine. One end of the mask body making machine is connected with the discharge rack, and the other end of the mask body making machine is connected with the earband welding machine. The discharge rack includes a main frame, a cloth rod group for hanging the coil, a nose reel, a cloth adjusting device, a coil brake device, a guide rod and a guide rod group for guiding the feeding of raw materials. The setting of the discharge rack can be used to place the mask cloth, the mask body making machine can realize the manufacture of the mask body, and the earband welding machine can weld the mask body and earband together to form a complete mask, with a high degree of automation, no manual operation, saving time and labor costs, and improving production efficiency, while reducing the production process of the mask and optimizing the production process of the mask.
The invention discloses a cotton filling machine with adjustable cotton filling mouth, comprising a main body of a cotton filling machine and a cotton filling mouth arranged on the main body of the cotton filling machine. The cotton filling mouth includes a first plywood and a second plywood for circumferential distribution, respectively. The second plywood is located in the inner layer of the first plywood, the number of the two is equal, and the dislocation is formed. A driving rod and a pair of longitudinally distributed first hinge seats are fixed on the outer surface of each first plywood; the guide assembly comprises a guide cylinder and a fixed ring located at the edge of the inner end of the guide cylinder, which is sheathed on the periphery of the cotton filling mouth assembly. a second hinge seat corresponding to each first hinge seat is distributed in the circumferential direction, and each second hinge seat is connected with the corresponding first hinge seat through a connecting rod. The invention provides a cotton filling machine with an adjustable cotton filling mouth, which can adjust the size of the cotton filling mouth by rotation, adapts to different use scenes, and has good flexibility.
The invention discloses a cashmere filling machine, which comprises a main body of a cashmere filling machine, a pipe is installed on one side of the main body of the cashmere filling machine, and a cashmere filling opening is installed on the other side of the cashmere filling machine, and one end of the pipe is installed with a box body, and the upper part of the box body is inlaid with a cashmere inlet. A connecting circular plate is arranged inside the box body, a rubber band is arranged on the upper ring of the connecting circular plate, and a connecting pipe is embedded inside the connecting circular plate. When the connecting pipe of the invention rotates, the connecting circular plate rotates, thereby driving the rubber band and the short rod to rotate, which can carry out elastic work on the cotton wool entering the box, avoid caking, break up the cotton wool, and improve the efficiency of filling. When working, the hair dryer can blow the heat in the heating pipe into the box through the air blowing pipe through the through hole, which can play a very good role in air drying and reduce the moisture contained in the cotton wool. The electric push rod controls the distance between the pressing plate and the cashmere filling mouth through the rotating shaft and the connecting column, and can fix the cashmere filling mouth and the cashmere filling material.
The utility model discloses an earband welding device of a plane mask, which comprises a worktable, a control device, a first mounting frame, a second mounting frame, an earband feeding mechanism, an earband welding mechanism and an earband shearing mechanism. the first mounting frame is installed on the worktable, the second mounting frame is installed on the first mounting frame, and the earband feeding mechanism and the earband shearing mechanism are two. Two earband feeding mechanism and earband shearing mechanism are respectively arranged at the left and right ends of the earband welding mechanism, the two earband feeding mechanism is arranged on the second mounting frame, the earband welding mechanism is arranged on the first mounting rack, and the earband shearing mechanism is installed on the worktable. The earband feeding mechanism, the earband welding mechanism and the earband shearing mechanism are all electrically connected with the control device. The utility model can automatically complete the earband welding process of the plane mask, has a high degree of automation, and is conducive to improving the working efficiency and reducing the labor cost.
The utility model discloses a special ruler for clothing design, which relates to the field of clothing design, comprising a ruler, the four corners of the ruler are provided with edges, one side of the ruler is provided with a plurality of connecting holes, the top of the ruler is provided with a scale line, the middle of the ruler is provided with a chute, and the chute runs through the ruler and extends to the bottom of the ruler. The utility model first pushes the skateboard, a button, a connecting column, a spring, a pressing ring, a fixed plate, a pointer and a chute, which drives the connecting column to slide in the chute, and the pointer on one side of the skateboard coincides with the scale line. when the position of the skateboard is determined, press the button with the finger, push the connecting column downward, the connecting column drives the pressing ring to squeeze the spring, and when the spring is pressed down, the protective shell is pressed down and squeezed the chute. To prevent the ruler from sliding left and right, the connecting column pushes the fixing plate down out of the ruler and extrudes the cloth, which effectively solves the problem that the circle can not be drawn accurately.
The invention discloses a wood grain drawing device on the plate surface, which comprises a conveyor belt, a painting unit, a drawing unit and a control unit. The painting unit comprises a first support frame, a brush bristle, a base and a paint spray nozzle. The first support frame is fixed on both sides of the conveyor belt, the base is fixed on the bottom surface of the first support frame, and several rows of the bristles and paint nozzles are uniformly fixed on the bottom surface of the base. The drawing unit comprises a second support frame, a wood grain board, a motor, a cylinder and a rotating shaft, the second support frame is fixed on both sides of the conveyor belt, the cylinder is fixed on the bottom surface of the second support frame and is connected with the motor through a telescopic rod, and the rotating shaft is connected with the output shaft of the motor through a coupling. the wood grain plate is an arc plate and the bottom surface is provided with a number of protruding rubber arc lines. The top surface of the wood grain board is connected with the rotating shaft through a plurality of support rods, and the wood grain grain can be made quickly and stably on the surface of the board.
The application discloses a method for cutting clothing using seven lines and three styles, which relates to the clothing field. The cutting method is operated as follows: step 100, measuring volume; step 200, laying cloth Step 300, drawing and plate making, since the whole piece of clothing can be equally divided into four equal parts according to the front and back symmetry and left and right symmetry of the human body, drawing plate making produces one of them, and then copies the other three copies, among which, each plate making includes edge line, fold line, clothing length line, shoulder line, chest line, waist line and hip line. It also includes the shoulder point corresponding to the shoulder line, the chest point corresponding to the bust line, the waist point corresponding to the waist line, and / or the hip point corresponding to the hip line. Step 400 cut the clothing according to the plate making. This application only uses seven lines and four key points to complete the whole clothing plate production, which solves the jumbled process that the hospital needs dozens of lines, makes plate making simple and easy to learn, improves the efficiency of plate making, and more completely modifies the complete division point of the human body.
The invention discloses a sleeve-type sweater, which relates to the technical field of clothing production, which aims to solve the technical problem that the prior art sweater neckline is not good enough to tighten and easily lead to external wind filling. The main point of the technical proposal is that the main point of the technical proposal includes the main body of the sweater and the neckline. The left side of the neckline is provided with a number of left flanging, the right side is provided with a number of right flanging, and a number of left flanging and right flanging are located on the inside of the main body of the sweater and are set side by side. Each left flanging side is provided with a left stainless steel buckle, and each right flanging side is provided with a right stainless steel buckle; each left stainless steel buckle is provided with a card block, and the card block is provided with a ring groove for the left stainless steel buckle to be inserted. An elastic block is connected on the card block, and the elastic block passes through and against the right stainless steel buckle, and the elastic block passes through the right stainless steel buckle by extruding the elastic block, and the elastic block springback against the right stainless steel buckle, so as to connect the left stainless steel buckle with the right stainless steel buckle, and then connect the left flanging with the right flanging to tighten the neckline.
Storage management system, management device and method. A storage management method includes the following steps: detecting the size of shared storage space of all terminal devices joining the sharing system; randomly grouping terminal devices; dividing each group of terminal devices into multiple types of terminal devices according to the size of the shared storage space of the terminal devices in each group of terminal devices Map the shared storage space of each type of terminal device in each group to a virtual disk with the corresponding storage space size on a row in a virtual disk array card. And when a cloud storage request is received, the size of the file to be stored is determined, and the virtual disk in a row whose storage space is closest to the file size and is larger than or equal to the file size is randomly selected to control the storage of the file to all terminal devices mapped to the virtual disk. The invention also provides a storage management system and a device. By using the storage management system, device and method of the invention, the space of other terminal devices can be used for storage.
The invention discloses an identification system and a method for identifying others based on tort information of a distributed network. For information copyright protection, embezzlement and tampering of information are easier to be found, protect the rights and interests of information owners, find out infringing information, identify the first miner of the infringing information, and broadcast on the network, so that the workload of infringing information miners is known to the public, and more information miners are encouraged to collect and search for illegal rights protection events, and obtain relevant income rights.
The invention discloses an unknown threat sensing method, which comprises that: after each device detects unknown data, it uploads the unknown data, and analyzes and identifies the unknown data through the threat analysis system on the cloud; if no malicious data is detected, the corresponding matching rules are generated to continue to collect the unknown data corresponding to the matching rules and to continue the analysis. When malicious data is detected, all devices are notified to realize the early warning and protection of each device against unknown threats, so as to improve the defense ability against unknown threats; the invention also discloses an unknown threat sensing device, a device, a system and a computer-readable storage medium, which can also achieve the above technical effects.
The invention relates to an origin tracking method and a system based on context awareness. Aiming at the problems of long duration, strong penetration and good concealment of APT attacks, this scheme uses virtualization technology to transparently collect system events and network events in the target machine, connects these events through context awareness, and shows a global perspective to the attack investigation, so as to achieve effective attack origin tracking. The scheme includes three modules, the event collection module transparently collects the system operation status and network operation status in the target memory, and the log processing module generates log entries based on event objects according to the system operation status and network operation status. the origin tracking module reads the log file, generates a global perspective based on the shared feature association log entry and provides it to the attack investigation. Support queries for suspicious entities such as processes, files, or sockets.
The invention discloses a minimum storage reproduction code coding method and a system for improving data repair performance, belonging to the field of computer storage, which comprises the following steps: the original data is equally divided into k data blocks, and each data block is equally divided into α data slices; each check block is equally divided into α check slices After determining the generation matrix for data coding, k × α data slices are encoded to get each parity block; after the coding is completed, the data blocks and parity blocks are stored on different storage nodes; periodically check whether there are failure blocks; if the total number of failure blocks is greater than the number of coding blocks m, the repair fails If there is only one failed block, request a 1 / (d??k+1) amount of data from the least congested d valid storage nodes to repair the failed block; in other cases, request a complete block from m valid storage nodes to repair the failed block. The invention can improve the data repair performance in the unstable network environment.
The invention discloses a data processing method, a device and a computer-readable storage medium, wherein the method comprises the following steps: the attribute to be combined and the corresponding attribute value are obtained; the preset digital number corresponding to each attribute value is obtained; the digital number is converted into byte strings respectively according to the first preset rule, and the corresponding code is obtained; the code is combined and stored. Based on the bit compression storage method, the embodiment of the invention stores attribute values through number conversion and using the corresponding byte string storage format. Compared with the existing way of using splicing characters for simple attribute value splicing storage and using hash function for storage, the storage space can be greatly saved, thereby reducing the waste of server resources and improving the utilization rate.
The invention discloses a microseismic signal classification and identification method based on depth learning, belonging to the field of signal analysis and recognition. The method of the invention comprises the following steps: step 1, establishing a sample database of microseismic signals and blasting signals; step 2, extracting the characteristics of the main frequency, post-peak attenuation coefficient and energy center of gravity coefficient of the sample signal to form a sample feature data training set and a test set Step 3, use the sample feature data training set to train the depth neural network classification identification model, use the test set data to verify the classification identification effect of the signal classification identification model, and continuously improve the classification accuracy through cross training; step 4, extract the feature vector of the signal to be identified, input the signal classification model, and get the identification result. The method of the invention has the characteristics of simple algorithm, strong self-adaptability and real-time performance, and high identification accuracy, can effectively classify coal mine microseismic signals and blasting signals, and has good technical value and application prospect.
The invention relates to a data storage method, which provides a main storage area, a backup storage area, an index area, a data temporary storage area, a time temporary storage area, a main check area and a backup check area, including the following ways: erasing the main storage area and the backup storage area, writing the current time information in the time storage area, and writing the initial offset in the current index unit in the index area; writing the acquired data to be stored in the data storage area The storage offset corresponding to the current time information is calculated; the write address of the data to be stored in the main storage area is calculated, and the data to be stored is written into the main storage area: the backup address stored in the backup storage area is calculated, and the data to be stored is written to the backup storage area according to the backup address. The invention provides a data storage method, which realizes data storage, real-time update and periodic storage with a large amount of data.
The invention provides a GIS data quality inspection and storage method for OSS object storage, which comprises the following steps: uploading GIS data packets to OSS; to construct a FME service module; integrating the FME service module into an API service supporting distributed and OSS object storage; recording the GIS data packets after successful upload to a control table, and setting the processing state to be unprocessed Search the unprocessed GIS data packets in the control table, and call the API service to execute the corresponding FME service module according to the processing type corresponding to the GIS data packet, and use the FME service module to carry out quality inspection and storage processing of the GIS data packet. The use of OSS, distributed and other technologies adopted in this design to achieve flexible resource scheduling, improve system processing capacity and throughput on demand, effectively simplify the process of user GIS data quality inspection and storage, reduce the user threshold, user operation is more concise, and improve work efficiency.
The application discloses a method and a device for processing a data table. The method includes: comparing the first field in the first data table with the second field in the second data table; in the case of comparing the difference in the identification information of the first field and the second field, obtaining the processing information of the first field and the processing information of the second field, wherein, the processing information is used to record a plurality of processing logic in the processing path of the corresponding field According to the processing path, the processing logic of each corresponding field is compared; if the processing logic of the current comparison is inconsistent, it is determined that the processing logic of the current comparison is the logic of difference. This application solves the technical problem of low efficiency in comparing the contents of the data table.
The invention relates to a cloud-based energy efficiency service recommendation method and system for industrial enterprises, which relates to the technical field of electric power. It can solve the technical problem that the industrial power consumption service strategy can not be recommended according to the actual situation of different enterprises. It includes the following steps: S101: real-time collection of power consumption information from electrical equipment of different users; S102: generating power consumption data series from the collected power consumption data for distributed data storage; S103: through cloud data processing, analyze the trend of historical electricity consumption of users, predict the power consumption situation of users, and generate the final power consumption strategy according to the factors that affect the level of power consumption. S104: recommend the final power consumption strategy to the user through human-computer interaction. The invention can recommend differentiated power consumption strategy according to the actual situation of different users, maximize user acceptance, realize the improvement of power demand side management with lower cost, realize rational allocation of power resources, save energy, and reduce energy consumption.
The invention discloses a solid state hard disk and a data processing method and system thereof. Detect the user's operation on the first storage area visible to the operating system on the solid-state disk; if the operation is a read-write operation, keep the first storage area synchronized with the mirrored data storage area on the solid-state disk that can be set as a second storage area invisible to the operating system If the operation is a delete operation or a TRIM operation, the data synchronization of the first storage area and the mirrored data storage area of the second storage area is maintained, and the data deleted from the first storage area is backed up to the deleted data storage area of the second storage area. Through the second storage area which can be set as invisible to the operating system, the invention avoids the data deleted by malicious deletion or wrong operation that can not be recovered, and uses the flash memory controller to back up and restore the data in the solid state hard disk.
The invention discloses a service background identification method, a proxy server and a computer storage medium, which include: obtaining a first service ID value based on a first service request from a user terminal equipment Based on the background service list containing the corresponding relationship among the service ID value, the service identification and the address information of the service background, the first address information of the first service background corresponding to the first service ID value is determined from at least two address information of at least two background services. Through this method, a proxy server can identify multiple background services, and the technical effect of reducing the hardware cost of the proxy server is realized.
The invention provides a user request forwarding method and device, a reverse proxy server and a computer-readable storage medium, wherein, the user request forwarding method comprises the following steps: according to the received user request, the corresponding back-end server configuration parameters are obtained from the MySQL database; the back-end server configuration parameters are cached into the shared memory; at the same time, the MySQL database is down The user request is forwarded to the back-end server corresponding to the configuration parameters of the back-end server. Through the technical proposal of the invention, the purpose of storing the configuration parameters of the back-end server through a more practical and mainstream MySQL database is realized, the storage cost and difficulty of the configuration parameters of the back-end server are reduced, and the influence of concurrent access on the performance of the reverse proxy server is reduced.
A user equipment association method in cloud wireless access network based on edge cache includes: dividing different clusters according to the geographical location of radio frequency units in the system; caching files to radio frequency units in the cluster based on the popularity information of files; and determining the pre-association relationship between user equipment and radio frequency units in the cluster based on the distance from the user equipment in the cluster to each radio frequency unit in the cluster. Based on the large-scale fading coefficient information between the pre-associated radio frequency units, an alternative radio frequency unit is selected for each user equipment in the cluster; based on the file cache of the alternative radio frequency unit and the pre-application file information of the user equipment, associate the user equipment in the cluster to the corresponding radio frequency unit According to the information of the number of associated user equipment and energy consumption of the radio frequency unit, the relationship between the user equipment and the radio frequency unit in the cluster is adjusted. The above scheme can shorten the total task transmission delay of the system and reduce the system energy consumption.
The invention provides a data synchronization system and a method across a data center, which are used for synchronizing the data of a source data center to a destination data center. A plurality of RPC clients and a plurality of RPC servers are arranged in the source data center and the destination data center. A data handling device is arranged in the destination data center, and the system also includes a data handling management device. The data handling management device is used for managing the source message queue and the destination message queue, and controlling to start or close the data handling device to obtain data from the source message queue; the data handling device is used for obtaining data from the source message queue and storing the acquired data into the destination message queue. The invention can improve the flexibility and reliability of data synchronization.
The invention discloses a multi-mode passenger and cargo co-transportation method and a system thereof. The co-transportation method is jointly transported by a public transport network and a small operating bus, and different transport modes are combined through a hub, which can give full play to the respective characteristics of the two kinds of traffic modes and improve the efficiency of goods transportation. and the transport resources used for goods distribution are the residual capacity of the passenger transport system, rather than directly calling the passenger transport system resources, which can minimize the impact of cargo transportation on the original passenger transport service.
This paper discloses a method and device for recommending logistics information, and a method and device for displaying logistics information. The recommendation method of the logistics information includes: receiving the logistics information recommendation request sent by the client, carrying the receiving address data in the recommendation request; determining the matching first logistics information and the second logistics information corresponding to the first logistics information according to the receiving address data The matched first logistics information and the second logistics information corresponding to the first logistics information are sent to the client, and the client displays the matched first logistics information and the second logistics information corresponding to the first logistics information. Through the above methods, the logistics information can be made transparent, and then users can easily choose logistics information independently.
The invention discloses a task pricing method based on a self-service crowdsourcing platform, which comprises the following steps: eliminating outlier data in the task point location data; classifying and reducing the dimension of the task point location data, calculating the position of each type of task center, according to each type of task center and kicking? The nearest neighbor method obtains the number of nearest members and their nearest task points in turn. According to the location of the nearest member, the task quota and the location of the task point corresponding to each type of task center, the shortest path model is established for regional tasks to package regional tasks. The utility programming model is established according to the member location and the packaged task center location, task quota, acceptance start time, member credit value and task price, and each kind of regional task is priced according to the utility programming model. In this way, the benefit planning model based on the shortest path packaging can effectively process the task data of the labor crowdsourcing platform and provide a reliable basis for the task pricing of the platform.
The utility model relates to an anomaly detection method for express logistics distribution, which is used to quickly and effectively find abnormal distribution conditions such as delivery time delay, process error (detour), destination error (not delivered to the correct destination) and so on. By analyzing the multi-attribute characteristics of express logistics distribution trajectory data, a method is proposed to measure the abnormal degree of each track sub-segment by combining distance-based and angle-based anomaly detection algorithm. the detection of the delivery time delay is transformed into the detection of the average speed of the distribution process; the location coordinates, city number, city level and other attributes of the trajectory data are used to detect the distribution destination error. By adopting the method of the invention, the abnormal distribution situation of the express logistics can be found quickly and accurately, and the abnormal distribution can be fed back to the logistics enterprise to deal with it in time, so as to reduce the economic loss and create conditions for improving the competitiveness of the logistics enterprise.
The embodiment of the invention provides a method and a device for configuring transport capacity, which relates to the technical field of computer application. Among them, at least one influence factor affecting the number of distribution personnel on duty is determined; based on the historical statistical data of any service area, the prediction value of the at least one influence factor is determined; based on the prediction value, the transport capacity prediction model is used to predict the number of distribution personnel in any service area. Wherein, the transport capacity prediction model is obtained based on the number of distribution personnel on duty in the historical statistical data and the historical numerical training of the at least one influence factor; any service area is configured according to the number of distribution personnel. The technical proposal provided by the embodiment of the invention improves the accuracy of the transport capacity configuration.
The invention belongs to the technical field of network financial services and provides a consumer financial core system based on SAAS platform, comprising a user interactive interface layer for providing consumer financial data services for clients of Web platform or mobile platform; a business logic service layer connected with the user interactive interface layer, and a business logic service layer comprising a parameter module, a rule module, a core business module, an examination and approval module and an integrated control module The system module is used to configure the parameters of the consumer financial products; the rule module is used to configure the rule engine; the core business module is used to query the user's account information and manage the account and credit business; the examination and approval module is used to handle the input approval related process; the integrated control system is used to monitor the system process and run batch status in the embodiment The data access layer is connected with the business logic service layer and is used to provide consumer financial data services for the business logic service layer.
The invention provides an electronic product activation quantity prediction method and a server cluster. The method includes time serialization of the first activation amount data and the first factor data respectively; the time law of the time serialized data is disassembled to obtain the second activation amount data, and the second activation amount data includes the time trend data when the electronic product activation amount is not affected by the first factor data. If the changing trend data has a time law, it is characterized to generate a second factor data; the prediction factor data and the second factor data are input into a preset model for learning, respectively, in order to predict the activation amount of electronic products at a predetermined time and obtain the predicted values respectively; the predicted values are compared to determine the target factor data or target combination in the prediction factor data or different combinations thereof. The proposal of the invention predicts the activation data of electronic products according to different marketing activities, and can obtain a real-time and reasonable marketing scheme.
The application discloses a credit data query method, which includes: obtaining the credit inquiry authorization request initiated by the target user; using the credit inquiry authorization request, generating and saving the authorization vouchers corresponding to each credit information system respectively, and obtaining the corresponding authorization credential set; if the credit data query request for the target user is detected, the authorization voucher set is sent to the block chain server The credit data corresponding to each authorization certificate in the authorization voucher set is obtained from the blockchain server, and the corresponding credit data block is obtained; wherein, the credit data corresponding to each authorization certificate comes from the credit information system corresponding to the authorization certificate. This application improves the query efficiency of credit data. In addition, the application also discloses a credit data query system accordingly.
The invention provides a multi-chain concurrent transaction method by receiving cross-chain transaction information sent by a user through a user terminal According to the address of the payer of the cross-chain transaction information, the cross-chain transaction information is allocated to the accounting node and consensus node of the corresponding main chain or sub-chain, so that the accounting node of each main chain or sub-chain performs multi-chain concurrent transactions, so that the main chain or sub-chain does not occupy a large amount of bandwidth while obtaining cross-chain transaction information, so as to ensure the performance of the block chain network.
The invention relates to the field of online wholesale management, in particular to a method and a system for realizing online wholesale. Its technical proposal: a method and system for realizing online wholesale, including resource control of online live broadcast without anchors in physical stores, commodity management based on bar code, price reminder, automatic replenishment, commodity name association, instant messaging, upstream and downstream merchant invitation and relationship protection, dynamic information push between suppliers and distributors, commodity request push, commodity information association generation, commodity pricing method and system. The invention provides a fully functional and convenient method and system for resource control, bar code-based commodity management, price reminder, automatic replenishment, commodity name association, instant communication, upstream and downstream merchant invitation and relationship protection, dynamic information push between suppliers and distributors, commodity request push, commodity information generation and commodity pricing.
The invention discloses an asset data management method and a device, relating to the field of information technology. The invention is mainly used for solving the problem of low efficiency of asset data management. The method includes receiving an asset data query request carrying identification information of the product to be queried and the asset query type; from the asset change node table corresponding to the identification information of the product, the asset change node data corresponding to the asset query type is obtained, and the asset change node data corresponding to different asset query types are stored in the asset change node table. According to the asset change node data, the asset data corresponding to the asset query type is obtained. The invention is suitable for the management of asset data.
The invention provides a cloud information push system based on mobile positioning and an information push method, which comprises a merchant mobile terminal, a passenger mobile terminal, a data processing unit and a cloud service data processing unit. the merchant mobile terminal inputs the merchant authentication information through the merchant authentication unit and publishes the commodity information through the commodity publishing unit. The passenger mobile terminal inputs the passenger authentication information through the passenger authentication unit, uploads the commodity subscription information through the commodity subscription unit, and collects the passenger position information in real time through the position collection unit. The cloud service data processing unit authenticates the authenticity and integrity of the merchant authentication information and the passenger authentication information, and according to the commodity information issued by the merchant mobile terminal, the commodity subscription information uploaded by the passenger mobile terminal and the real-time location information, pushes the position matching commodity information and the bus stop information associated with the commodity information to the passenger mobile terminal.
The invention relates to a method and a system for obtaining results from a plurality of dimensional conditions. the method includes setting a sub-audience dimension of advertising in a demand-side platform, and a population estimation attribute and request requirements form a request dimension. according to the request dimension, the demand-side platform finds the intersection in the set of the audience dimensions, screens the candidate advertising materials, and obtains the best advertising materials. The method and system of the invention abstract complex query conditions into simple methods for processing, improve the efficiency of query program execution, and solve the problem that the query memory cost of the demand side platform is difficult to be maintained in a low consumption state.
The invention relates to an intelligent recommendation system and an intelligent recommendation method. The application relates to the application field of information technology, in particular to the advertising field of Internet / mobile Internet. An intelligent recommendation method is disclosed, which comprises the following steps: S200: obtaining basic information and behavior activity information of users; S300: storing basic information and behavior activity information of users; S400: filtering and classifying basic information and behavior activity information of massive users; S500: sending corresponding recommendation information to the users.
The invention relates to a method and a device for processing Docker service container logs, a storage medium and an electronic device. The method includes: obtaining the container configuration information corresponding to the service container from the storage unit; performing a deployment operation on the service container corresponding to the target container configuration information according to the target container configuration information to obtain the target service container, wherein the target container configuration information is contained in the container configuration information; according to the deployment operation, the target log configuration information is generated The original log configuration information corresponding to the target service container in the storage unit is reset using the target log configuration information. so that the processing unit processes the log corresponding to the target service container according to the target log configuration information. The disclosure can conveniently realize the automation of the service container log processing, improve the processing efficiency of the service container log, and reduce the manpower operation and maintenance cost.
The invention provides a virtual machine resource allocation method, a device and a resource server, wherein, the virtual machine resource allocation method includes: obtaining the performance requirement information of the service to the virtual machine, deploying the service to the virtual machine to be tested, and cyclically testing and correcting the virtual machine to be tested according to the performance requirement information Until the stress test result of the modified virtual machine to be tested meets the preset conditions, the modified virtual machine to be tested is recommended as the target virtual machine of the service. The proposal of the invention can realize the quantifiable resource allocation mode, allocate the optimized virtual machine resources for the service on the premise of meeting the service demand, and improve the resource utilization rate.
The invention provides a hoisting system and method for assembling components in the construction site of a building. The system comprises a monitoring center module that receives real-time position information of the tag of the preform sent by the preform data processing module, and carries out real-time monitoring and display of the preform position; the field monitoring module includes a plurality of signal receiving devices, and receives the label information and signal strength detected by the signal receiving equipment. The preform data processing module obtains the real-time location information of the preform, and sends the real-time location information of the preform to the monitoring center module; the basic database module is used to store the basic information and obtain the information of the construction preform, at the same time, update the information of the construction preform according to the installed information The hoisting equipment module receives the hoisting control information of the monitoring center module, and hoists the prefabricated parts to the preset construction position. The invention improves the positioning accuracy of the construction site, greatly reduces the number of construction personnel, and can well adapt to the assembly construction scene.
The invention discloses a method for data protection of solid state hard disk, in which N pieces of Block are respectively selected in each channel to form a transverse RAID strip group, wherein at least one Block is a data check block, N > 1, which is characterized in that the blocks belonging to the same transverse RAID strip group and the blocks on the same channel are at least one block separated, preferably separated by 512 blocks. In particular, aiming at the characteristic that 3D TLC is prone to error diffusion to adjacent physical blocks, the invention proposes to optimize the composition of RAID stripes, which greatly reduces the probability of multiple block data errors occurring in the same strip at the same time, and improves the security performance of data.
The embodiment of the invention discloses a method and a device for calculating the polymer degradation strength based on the strength phase diagram. The method comprises the following steps: step 1, reading the strength phase diagram of the polymer to be calculated; step 2, traversing from the coordinate origin of the intensity phase diagram to judge the strength state of the cell on each pixel; step 3, according to the nearest neighbor? The boundary expansion algorithm is used to identify holes and cracks in the region composed of pixels with the same intensity state in the phase diagram, and to obtain the area and density of holes and cracks in the region with different intensity states. Step 4, according to the area and density of holes and cracks in the region with different strength states, and the pre-built strength calculation model, the strength of the cells with different strength states is calculated; step 5, according to the strength of the cells with different strength states, the total strength of the polymer is calculated.
The invention provides a method and a system for identifying a light rail board card, wherein, the method comprises the following steps: the CPU on the board reads the type identification circuit on the board through the GPIO interface, obtains the target type of the board, and the CPU determines the target program corresponding to the target type from the firmware according to the target type and executes the target program. In the embodiment, by setting a type identification circuit on the board, the CPU on the board can automatically identify the target type of the board through the GPIO interface, and in order to enhance the versatility of the firmware, the programs of multiple types of boards are burned on the same firmware, and then the corresponding target program of the board is determined according to the identified target type, thus the number and type of firmware can be reduced and the firmware management is convenient.
The application discloses a method for managing computer system resources, which is applied to electronic devices, which are installed with one or more jailbreak software for its operating system. The method includes: determining the public directory where one or more jailbreak software running resources are located in the electronic device; and changing the running state of at least one jailbreak software by changing the properties of the running resources under the public directory. The application also discloses a corresponding device. By using these technical schemes, the resource occupation of electronic equipment can be saved.
The embodiment of the invention relates to the technical field of vehicle positioning and discloses a vehicle positioning method and a vehicle positioning system. The method includes: obtaining the target feature information around the vehicle in the current environment; the obtained target feature information is matched in a preset database, wherein the preset database stores the corresponding relationship between the feature information and the vehicle position The vehicle position corresponding to the feature information in the preset database matched with the target feature information is determined as the vehicle location information. The implementation of the embodiment of the invention can improve the positioning accuracy of the vehicle.
The invention discloses a third-party system docking method based on a unified developer account, which comprises the following steps: first, a unified developer account is registered in the third-party system that needs to be docked; then the platform system receives the user account and password entered by the sent user in the mobile application login interface, and verifies the user account and password If the verification is successful, silently log in to the third-party system with the unified developer account. After the successful login, the third-party system returns the key token; and finally the platform system gets the token, and calls the third-party system interface with token as the interface parameter, thus using the third-party features. The invention logs in to the third-party system by unifying the developer account, eliminating the tedious work of the user registering the third-party system account and login verification. When the number of third-party systems that need to be docked is large, the invention can avoid the bad experience of registering and logging in a plurality of third-party systems to users.
The application is applicable to the field of communication technology and provides a method for realizing trusted identity authentication based on loading PKI on a SIM card, comprising: receiving the first request information of the user and verifying the identity of the user according to the first request information; if the identity verification of the user is passed, a trusted identity certificate based on CTID is generated, and the corresponding relationship between the trusted identity certificate based on CTID and the SIM card of the user is established Send a first association request to the SIM card; receive the public key of the trusted identity certificate returned by the SIM card, make a trusted identity certificate using the public key of the trusted identity certificate, store the trusted identity certificate, and load the trusted identity certificate into the SIM card. Through the above-mentioned method, the problem of numerous carriers of the electronic authentication terminal in the prior art, which leads to the inconvenience of carrying and using by the user, is effectively solved.
The invention discloses a mutual trust cluster cooperative verification method for anonymous authentication of a vehicle network, designs a hash puzzle to limit the attacker to construct a calculation problem in advance, and uses collaborative verification to integrate the computing resources between legal vehicles, thereby improving the verification speed. it has strong practical value and good application prospect.
The invention provides a method and a device for mobile terminal and road condition traffic restriction advance warning, including obtaining the license plate number and vehicle location of the user vehicle, obtaining the traffic restriction time of the city where the user vehicle is located according to the vehicle location and license plate number, generating traffic restriction reminder information according to the preset rules according to the traffic restriction time, and reminding the user. By obtaining the license plate number of the user's vehicle, we can know whether the city where the user's vehicle is located is restricted, and by obtaining the location of the user's vehicle, combined with the information of the license plate, we can judge whether the area where the user is going is restricted in real time, so as to intelligently judge whether the location of the user's vehicle is restricted or not, which to a great extent solves the situation that the user's ignorance of the urban traffic restriction rules leads to the violation of traffic restrictions when driving on the road. In addition, the traffic restriction reminder information is generated according to the traffic restriction time of the city, which can effectively prevent users from forgetting the traffic restriction date and time, which leads to the violation of traffic restrictions after driving.
The invention relates to an efficient panoramic image stitching method of highway construction site based on UAV through the correction of geographic information coordinates and attitude parameters of aerial images, the selection of key splicing regions, efficient matching of feature points, and fast image stitching based on optimal stitches and image fusion. The problems of local coordinate system deviation, low efficiency of feature point matching of the whole image, and stitching blur and ghost caused by dynamic targets are solved. It has the advantages of real-time transmission of image data, global supervision, good accuracy, high efficiency, low cost, convenience and flexibility, which lays a foundation for the realization of automatic and intelligent global safety supervision and management of the whole construction site. The invention is applicable to the global safety supervision and management of the highway engineering construction site.
The invention discloses a method for collecting traffic accident information and a device thereof. the method includes: a traffic accident alarm message with the time of the traffic accident of the target vehicle sent by the receiving terminal of the vehicle network platform According to the location of the gateway reported by each gateway in the vehicle, the time when each gateway reports the location of the gateway, the time and the location of the target vehicle sent by the receiving terminal when sending the traffic accident alarm message, determine the first target gateway that meets the preset conditions A first traffic accident collection instruction carrying a first time period is sent to the determined first target gateway so that the determined first target gateway converts the first vehicle driving video information acquired in the first time period into the first vehicle driving picture information and sends it to the vehicle networking platform; receives the first vehicle driving picture information sent by the determined first target gateway. The invention can reduce the cost of vehicle accident analysis.
The invention discloses an improved interactive voting map path matching method aiming at low frequency GPS tracks. The invention considers not only distance characteristics, topological structure of roads and speed limit of road sections, but also real-time moving direction and speed of points of each GPS to improve matching accuracy.; in addition, a filter is added to remove candidate noise road sections through constraint conditions to improve matching efficiency. The invention has the advantages of high matching accuracy, high efficiency and strong robustness.
The embodiment of the invention provides a platform identification method and a device, belonging to the technical field of application installation package. The platform identification method is applied to the application publishing system, the application publishing system includes an application development terminal, and the application publishing system also includes a publishing platform and a user terminal, and the publishing platform is coupled with the application development terminal and the user terminal respectively. The platform identification method includes: obtaining platform identification data corresponding to the release platform of the installation package, wherein, a first data block and a second data block are preset in the installation package, and the first data block stores the original file data of the installation package; the platform identification data is stored in the second data block; the installation package is sent to the publishing platform. It eliminates the repeated modification and packaging of the original files of the installation package during the application release platform or the update management of each release platform. It can not only effectively reduce the time and energy consumption of developers, but also effectively improve the efficiency of applications in update and release.
The invention discloses an optimal dispatching method of community public transportation, which carries out public transport dispatching for different people in the community respectively, which can make full use of the transport capacity of the bus. The dispatching system includes a server, a client, a community bus, a driverless bus, a group purchase customized bus, and a data transmission module. The server stores the data information of the existing community bus station in the community. The client, the driverless bus locates through GPS and uploads the location information to the server. The data transmission module connects with the driverless bus, the server and the client respectively. Form a data transmission channel The community bus is used for the internal traffic of the community, the driverless bus is used for connecting to other transportation modes within the community, and the group purchase custom bus is used for the external travel of the community. The scheduling methods include: the optimal scheduling method of the bus for the internal traffic of the community; the optimal scheduling method for connecting other traffic modes within the community; the optimal scheduling method for the external travel of the community.
The invention relates to a mobile application security network tunnel, which mainly comprises mobile Internet data, a mobile security network SDK software package, a firewall interface, a data forwarding server, an enterprise network firewall and a mobile security tunnel management server After the mobile device APP integrates the SDK software package, and after the mobile Internet data is deployed through the mobile security tunnel server in the DMZ area of the enterprise intranet, the user can access the enterprise intranet data through the mobile application security network tunnel. The tunnel network communication type is TCP type, compatible with HTTP and UDP type protocol encryption, and the mobile application data forwarding process does SSL encryption. The mobile security tunnel is used for the secure transmission of mobile network data between the intranet and the public network, and all servers in the background can be accessed by opening only one port on the firewall.
The invention provides a wireless charging method and a system based on automatic identification technology. the method comprises the following steps: automatically identifying and monitoring the battery status of the target battery, automatically identifying and monitoring the electromagnetic strength of the charging coil of the wireless charging device, and determining the rechargeable area corresponding to the electromagnetic intensity; receiving the feedback information of the target battery and the wireless charging equipment in the charging process and the uncharged process. When the target battery needs to be charged wirelessly, the target battery is placed in the rechargeable area, and according to the battery status, feedback information, preset charging time and energy standard, the charging power of the wireless charging equipment is controlled to switch in real time to realize the intelligent charging of the target battery. Based on the automatic identification technology, the multi-dimensional intelligent calculation of the target battery is carried out to realize the effective switching of the charging power, and then reduce the loss of the target battery.
The invention relates to a method for planning meeting points and paths, an electronic device and a computer-readable recording medium. The method for planning the meeting point and path comprises the following steps: obtaining map information and the location of a point together with each plurality of users; according to the map information, establishing prior planning information related to the starting point for each of these clients; according to the prior planning information, determine an optimal meeting point for these clients And during the period during which at least one of the clients performs navigation operations according to a navigation route, according to the mobile state of each of the clients and the prior planning information, the navigation path of the optimal meeting point and at least one of the clients is dynamically adjusted. Through the establishment of prior planning information, the best meeting point can be determined based on the starting point of each client before starting to perform the navigation function, so that these clients can meet each other in the shortest time.
The invention provides a plug-and-play driving method for the Internet access of the Internet of things equipment, and uses the application-oriented driver interface specification and its example based on the Internet to formulate the Internet-oriented device-oriented driving mechanism based on the Internet platform. From a virtual point of view, it builds a solid foundation bridge for the communication between the Internet and the Internet of things, and the free combination and communication between the Internet of things and the Internet of things. The invention solves the technical difficulty of plug and play of IoT equipment under the Internet, and realizes the free registration, acquisition and release of IoT equipment in the network.
The invention discloses a device damage feedback method and a system thereof. the device damage feedback method includes: a commodity server obtains the commodity abnormal information reported by the client to the commodity server through a communication link established between the client and the client; according to the commodity abnormal information, the commodity maintenance information is pushed to the client, and the commodity maintenance result is obtained by receiving the commodity maintenance information through the client. The obtained commodity maintenance results are classified according to the devices used by the goods, the device damage information is obtained, and the device damage information is fed back to the device server to count the device use according to the device damage information through the device server. The adoption of the invention can effectively improve the accuracy of the device manufacturer in improving the device.
In one embodiment, a method and system for sharing an application context and an authorization context between a supporting device and a user preset device (CPE) device are described. The method and system include: a search request is sent by a search request sender using a service discovery protocol; a response to a search request is received from a CPE device; an authorization context is created at the authorization context creation processor, and the authorization context includes metadata authorizing access to resources; an authorization context is sent by the authorization context sender to an application residing on the CPE device Establishing a trust session between applications and device applications that reside on CPE, which includes requesting digital certificates from CPE; receiving digital certificates from CPE; and verifying digital certificates; and creating application context data at the application context data creation processor And transmitting the created application context data to the CPE device, wherein the application context data enables the CPE device to request access to the authorized resource from the resource provider. Related methods, systems and apparatus are also described.
The invention discloses a method and a system for controlling the working state of the terminal equipment of the Internet of things. The method comprises the following steps: an edge routing node receives the working status indication information sent by the convergence unit; the edge routing node forwards the working status indication information to the terminal equipment that matches the device type within the coverage area of its wireless network. When the terminal equipment monitors the time when the system time reaches the time of data collection, it switches the working state of the terminal equipment to the working state of the data collection, and collects the data; when the terminal equipment monitors the system time to the time when the data is reported, the terminal equipment switches the working state of the terminal equipment to the working state when the data is reported, and sends the collected data to the edge routing node. When the terminal equipment monitors the time that the system time does not belong to the time of collecting data and the time of reporting data, it switches the working state of the terminal equipment to the dormant state; it can reduce the power consumption of the battery of the terminal equipment specified by the convergence unit and improve the service life of the terminal equipment.
The invention relates to an actuarial method. The actuarial method includes: obtaining an actuarial task to be processed, which includes a language file and an index to be output; obtaining basic data that has a mapping relationship with the language file; calculating the basic data according to the operation logic defined in the language file; generating report data corresponding to the index. The actuarial method and device can improve the efficiency of calculation by setting language files for actuarial calculation, and can also improve the flexibility of actuaries by setting the mapping relationship between language files and basic data.
The invention provides a service determination method and a device, wherein the method comprises the following steps: comparing the service parameters carried in the received service request with each rule in the rule set to obtain at least one rule hit by the service parameter; combining the rules of the at least one rule with the business corresponding to the business request to establish an association relationship; storing the association relationship. The present disclosure makes it easy for the rule class system to know the corresponding relationship between the rule and the service, and can be obtained more quickly and accurately when the corresponding relationship is to be used.
The application discloses an accounting method and a device. For each accounting request received, the account for which the accounting request is received is first determined. After that, it can be determined whether there is an accounting request that belongs to the same transaction as the accounting request and is processed against the same account. If it does not exist, according to whether the accounting request needs to deduct the balance of the account, it can be determined whether the accounting request can be stored as a pending accounting request. If it exists, it is necessary to determine whether the accounting request can be stored as a pending accounting request according to the accounting request and the accounting request to be processed.
The application discloses a takeout order generation method, a takeout service method, a device and an electronic device, wherein the takeout order generation method includes: obtaining user order information and user information, the order information includes takeout order information and robot location information when the user places the order, and the user information is used to identify the user receiving location information. The delivery address is generated according to the order issuing information and the user receiving location information. The delivery address includes a robot pick-up address and a robot delivery address. Based on the order information issued by the user and the delivery address information, the takeout order is generated and sent to the takeout platform, and there is no need for the user to go downstairs to pick up the meal. The robot helps the robot to dock with the delivery staff based on the order information generated by the user information and the order information issued by the user. Pick up food, and the robot can complete delivery according to the receiving location of the user. Improve the efficiency of delivery and take-out, and ensure the safety of takeout goods.
The embodiment of the invention provides a method and a device for tracking the extension party. In the proposal, when the user opens the promotion link, the terminal sends the extension party identity to the promoted party server, and the promoted party server generates Cookie according to the promotion party identity and sends it to the terminal. The terminal transmits the Cookie to the first application corresponding to the promotion link, and the first application obtains the terminal identity. And send the terminal identification and the Cookie to the promoted party server, so that the promoted party server establishes the mapping relationship between the terminal identity and the Cookie. Later, when the user buys the product promoted by the promotion link, the terminal sends the terminal identity to the promoted party server, and the promoted party server determines the corresponding Cookie according to the terminal identity and the mapping relationship, and then determines the promoting party. This scheme puts forward a method to accurately determine the extension party, which solves the defects existing in the existing technology.
The invention discloses a commodity trading information sharing method based on block chain technology, which comprises the following steps: building an original block group, generating new blocks by newly added users or information data, and forming a block chain between new blocks and original blocks The intelligent contract is written in the block chain. when both parties initiate a transaction request, the transaction order is generated, and the new transaction data is stored in the newly generated information intermediate storage block. the commodity information and flow information at each step of the flow are stored in the newly generated information intermediate storage block. When both parties initiate a transaction request, a new third party block will be generated at the same time. By setting a shared third party, this method can make all the participants in the commodity trading chain easily query all the information of commodity trading. It makes the sharing of commodity trading information more sufficient, and at the same time, through node classification and timestamp, it is convenient for all parties to query and supervise the transaction data.
The invention provides an order dispatch method and a server based on the O2O takeout platform. the method sets the distance of the order shop and the distance of the delivery address, reads the order of the delivery platform and generates the order list, and selects the order that the location of the store satisfies the distance of the order shop. merge orders with the same delivery address into order packages Select the delivery order whose delivery address meets the distance of the delivery address and send it to the delivery personnel for the delivery personnel to accept the order, and record multiple delivery orders received by the delivery staff at the same time as a temporary route. In this way, during the delivery, the orders that meet the distance between the pick-up shop and the delivery address are selected and pushed to the delivery personnel to receive the order. at the same time, in the process of pushing, the orders with the same delivery address are merged into order packages, and the order packages or line order packages are distributed to the delivery personnel, so that the delivery route is more intelligent, the delivery efficiency of the delivery personnel is improved, and the human resource cost is saved.
This instruction includes methods, systems, and computer-readable media that provide representation of relationships between entities associated with online content interaction. The disclosed technique may include receiving data related to online content interaction between a first entity set and a second entity set, and determining a set of first interaction frequency values for each first entity in the first entity set based on the received data, each first interaction frequency value corresponding to a second entity in the second entity set And a second interaction frequency value is determined for each second entity in the second entity set. In addition, for each first entity in the first entity set, a set of relationship values may be determined based on a set of second interaction frequency values and first interaction frequency values for the first entity, each of which indicates an interaction between the first entity and a second entity.
The invention discloses a maintenance scheme customization system based on vehicle driving track and a method thereof. the system comprises a vehicle information collection terminal, a server and a user terminal. The vehicle information collection terminal communicates with the server through a network. The user terminal communicates with the server through the network, and the vehicle information collection terminal is installed on the vehicle. The invention combines the vehicle driving track information, parking environment information, owner driving behavior information and historical maintenance record information, and customizes the maintenance plan which belongs to the vehicle according to these information, which is more targeted, and the maintenance is more accurate. there will be no over-maintenance or under-maintenance, giving the vehicle an omni-directional customized maintenance, reducing the damage to the vehicle to the maximum extent.
The invention relates to a blockchain asset trusteeship method, which first allows the asset holder to trust the asset to the custodian through the blockchain system, and then allows the custodian to pay the asset token equivalent to the asset through the blockchain system to the asset holder according to the preset ratio of the asset and the asset token, and all custody steps are recorded on the blockchain, so that different custodian parties regardless of the type of managed assets and the size of the operation The trustee rules of the trustee are interlinked, the trusteeship mechanism is transparent, and the holders of asset vouchers can go to any trustee on the block chain to obtain the corresponding number of assets of any kind.
The invention discloses an intelligent contract calling method, a device and a readable storage medium based on a block chain. the method comprises the following steps: when a transaction request for calling an intelligent contract in a block chain sent by a client is received, the name of the intelligent contract is obtained according to the transaction request and the calling interface of the intelligent contract is called The transaction parameters in the transaction request are obtained, and the intelligent contract is invoked according to the name and the calling interface; the service corresponding to the transaction request is executed in the intelligent contract according to the transaction parameters, and the transaction result is obtained. and the transaction result is returned to the client. The invention simplifies the calling process of the intelligent contract in the calling block chain and reduces the difficulty of invoking the intelligent contract.
The invention provides a method for automatically replenishing inventory of experimental consumables, which is used in a research center, which includes: obtaining the current inventory E of a kind of experimental consumables in the research center and the historical data of using the test consumables; according to the preset replenishment inventory forecast cycle T, calculate the total expected shedding number L in the replenishment inventory forecast cycle T According to the preset number of test consumables per visit N, the subjects' visit cycle P week, the number of visits S of the participants in the replenishment inventory forecast cycle, the number of visits of the incoming subjects in the replenishment inventory forecast cycle U and the total use of test consumables R; calculate the replenishment test consumables quantity Q of the replenishment inventory forecast cycle, and then send a request for replenishment to the warehouse The warehouse replenishes the test consumables to the research center, and the invention can adaptively replenish the inventory of the test consumables and automatically ensure that the inventory of the test consumables is sufficient but not wasted.
The invention provides an information processing method and an electronic device, which comprises: obtaining the evaluation information related to the physical store through the network platform; collecting the relevant user data of the physical store; based on the evaluation information and the user data, the evaluation result of the physical store is generated. The above methods are used to solve the technical problem that the evaluation of physical stores is not objective enough in the existing technology, and achieve the technical effect of obtaining more objective evaluation of physical stores. The above-mentioned methods provided in this application are used to solve the technical problems that the evaluation of physical stores in the prior art is not objective enough.
The invention provides a shared bicycle charging method based on power change. The method comprises the following steps: step 1, scanning a QR code to apply for a car; step 2, providing a bicycle database and a user database; step 3, querying the remaining power of the GPS electronic lock: 1) the remaining power is greater than the set power, allowing the car to be used, and recording the initial power; 2) the remaining power is lower than the set power, and a push message is generated to ask the user whether to charge. If the car is not charged, the request for using the car is terminated; if the charge is charged, the GPS electronic locking power is collected, and when the GPS electronic locking state reaches the set power, the car is allowed to be used, the initial electricity consumption and the rescue record are recorded, and the ambulance record of the user is updated in the user database; step 4, the user ends the use of the car, calculates the charging amount, calculates the reward amount, and transfers the reward amount to the user account. Through the reward method, the invention encourages the user to maintain the GPS electronic locking power spontaneously and reduces the maintenance cost and cost of the existing shared bicycle.
The invention relates to a vehicle navigation system based on ibeacon and a control method thereof. The vehicle navigation system based on ibeacon comprises a vehicle navigation device and a number of Bluetooth base stations; the vehicle navigation device comprises a controller, a low power Bluetooth module, a storage module, a key input module, a liquid crystal screen, an audio output module and a power module; the low power Bluetooth module, the storage module, the key input module, the LCD screen, the audio output module and the power module are all connected with the controller The Bluetooth base station is installed in each scenic spot of the scenic spot; in order to realize the function of the vehicle navigation device, the invention provides a control method of the vehicle navigation system based on ibeacon, including a manual mode and an automatic mode; the invention solves the problems of low accuracy and slow response of the navigation system caused by GPS positioning, and can ensure that when the scenic spot guide bus drives through the scenic spot at a faster speed, the guide words can be played accurately.
An emotion determination, reporting method and device for vehicle driving, a server, a terminal and a vehicle. The emotion determination method includes receiving emotion data generated by a user driving the vehicle and vehicle operation data. The emotion data includes a plurality of data points arranged in chronological order, each of which is used to describe any of the following emotions: positive emotion, calm emotion and negative emotion. The emotion data and vehicle operation data are fused to generate an emotion curve, which is at least used to describe the relationship between the emotion generated by the user and the vehicle dynamic data of the vehicle when driving the vehicle. The vehicle dynamic data includes speed data, acceleration data, deceleration data, constant speed cruise data, brake data and turning data. The technical proposal provided by the invention can more accurately evaluate the driving experience of the user to the vehicle.
The invention belongs to the technical field of network security, in particular to a method and a device for selecting the optimal network defense strategy based on the bounded rationality game theory. The method comprises the following steps: according to the actual limited rationality of both sides of the attack and defense, construct the attack and defense game model under the bounded rationality situation. Combined with the set of attack and defense game strategies, and according to the historical data, by setting the rational degree parameters of the participants, the dynamic differential equation of the random optimal response of the participants is established, and the dynamic differential equation of the random optimal response of both sides of the attack and defense as participants is established. By solving and screening the stable equilibrium point, the optimal defense strategy is determined and output. Compared with the method of only giving equilibrium solution without analyzing the formation process of Nash equilibrium, the invention has stronger practicability and guiding significance when it is applied to network defense decision-making by analyzing the dynamic evolution process of bounded rational evolution game equilibrium. it can improve the dynamic analysis efficiency of strategy selection, and further improve the network security performance.
The embodiment of the invention provides a multi-system test method, a device, a mobile terminal and a test equipment. The method comprises the following steps: after the first test data transmission service acquires the first test result to be displayed of the first operating system, the first test result to be displayed is sent to the test equipment; after other test data transmission services obtain other test results of other operating systems, other test results to be displayed are sent to the test equipment The test equipment is made to display the first test results to be displayed and other test results to be displayed. In the embodiment of the invention, the test results to be displayed of more than two operating systems can be displayed at the same time, and more than two operating systems can be independently tested based on the test results of more than two operating systems displayed at the same time; when N operating systems participate in the test at the same time, the testing time can be shortened to a natural number in which 1pm NMagn is more than 1 sequentially.
The invention provides a software development method and a device. The method comprises the following steps: receiving a software development request, parsing the software development request, obtaining page requirement information, functional requirement information and component loading requirement information; obtaining the target page template matching the software development request according to the page requirement information Obtain the target field elements corresponding to the functional requirements information from the field library according to the functional requirement information, and assign matching functional components to each target field element from the component library; fill each target field element into the respective matching functional components, and load each functional component into the target page template according to the component loading requirement information The data codes corresponding to the target page templates, functional components and target field elements are integrated to generate the corresponding software code to complete the software development. The method can shorten the software development cycle and testing cycle, and improve the software development efficiency and software quality.
The invention discloses an anomaly detection method for an integrated electronic system based on deep packet analysis. the method includes collecting bus data: monitoring and collecting bus transmission data packets; extracting periodic data packet features: extracting eigenvalues of content changes in collected periodic data packets Generate multiple decision trees: according to the extracted set of eigenvalues, the corresponding decision trees are generated by training different applications under different subsystems. The code of conduct detects abnormal data packets: select the corresponding decision tree according to the information provided by periodic data packets and use the decision tree to predict the legal operation of the current periodic data packets. If the instructions in the contents of the non-periodic data packets to be tested conform to the prediction results of the decision tree, let the message pass, otherwise the data packets are abnormal, and the exception handling is carried out. The invention can detect the attack between the bus controller and the subsystem, and can effectively resist a variety of attacks such as replay attack, forgery attack, denial of service and the like.
The present application discloses a method and apparatus for determining authority. A specific embodiment of the method includes: obtaining a collection of historical geographic location information in response to receiving a login request from the requesting terminal for the target account Perform the following authentication steps: selecting historical geographic location information from the set of historical geographic location information, generating questions related to the selected historical geographic location information, sending questions to the requesting terminal, and determining the threshold of the number of times to send questions to the requesting terminal based on whether the answer information sent by the requesting terminal matches the question In response to that the number of times of sending a question to the requesting terminal does not reach the number threshold, the authentication step is continued; in response to that the number of times of sending the question to the requesting terminal reaches the number threshold, the correct rate of the answer information is determined; if the correct rate is greater than the preset correct rate threshold, it is determined that the requesting terminal has login rights to the target account. The embodiment improves the accuracy of authentication.
The embodiment of the invention discloses a method for shielding key information. the method comprises the following steps: receiving a data request; determining the key information to be shielded included in the data request; the key information to be shielded also includes the corresponding batch identification number and aging information It is determined that the batch identification number and the aging information meet the preset conditions, and the target ciphertext information corresponding to the key information to be shielded is determined according to the corresponding relationship between the preset ciphertext sample information and the key sample information; the key information to be shielded in the data request is updated according to the target ciphertext information. According to the corresponding relationship between the preset ciphertext sample information and the key sample information, the invention determines the target ciphertext information corresponding to the key information to be shielded, and when carrying out the encryption operation, the loss of the server performance is reduced. encrypt the shielded information more quickly. In addition, a device, equipment and storage medium for shielding key information are also proposed.
The invention discloses a coordinated control method for the process of vehicle tire burst, which collects vehicle operation parameters, calculates road adhesion coefficient, allocates the weight coefficient of active steering and differential braking, and carries out coordinated control, so as to make the vehicle run stably according to the original trajectory, no matter which or which wheels burst the tire in a straight line or in a bend. The weight coefficient is distributed according to the vehicle's own situation, vehicle operation parameters and road surface adhesion coefficient, and the coordinated control is realized. According to the judgment of instability, in the case of instability, the weight coefficient of active steering is 0 and that of differential braking is 1. In the case of no instability, the weight coefficient is distributed according to the vehicle's own situation, vehicle operation parameters and road surface adhesion coefficient. Because the tire burst time is very short, the determination of instability can accurately and effectively adopt the best weight coefficient to apply braking force. Make the vehicle return to stability first, and then run stably according to the original track.
The invention discloses an environmentally friendly TPR eraser with bacteriostatic and antibacterial function and a preparation process thereof, which is made of SBS4412, SBS4452, SBS1401, quaternary ammonium salt fungicide, halogenamine fungicide, modified diatom mud, zinc stearate, white oil, calcium carbonate and the like. The invention improves the preparation process, and the obtained eraser has the advantages of high decontamination, safety and environmental protection, and has bacteriostatic and antibacterial effect.
A preparation method of organic acid modified pine tower resin comprises the following steps: (1) adding pine tower particles to strong alkali aqueous solution to obtain saponified pine tower particles; step (2): organic acid is added to the saponified pine tower particles to obtain organic acid modified pine tower resin. The citric acid modified pine tower resin of the invention has high metal ion adsorption capacity, can be reused after simple regeneration, and the performance will not decrease after repeated use.
The invention relates to the technical field of dehumidification of PVC production materials, in particular to a cleaning device, a dehumidification system and a dehumidification method of PVC double-wall bellows production material dehumidification system. The cleaning device is connected with the exhaust port and the branch pipe of the extruder, comprising: a box body; an input pipe and an output pipe located at the top of the box body; the input pipe connects the box body with the exhaust port of the extruder; the input pipe is connected with the branch pipe; a cleaning opening at the bottom of the box body; a cleaning mouth baffle located at the cleaning mouth, and the cleaning port baffle can control the opening and closing of the cleaning mouth. A partition which is located inside the box and extends downward from the top of the box, and the partition is arranged between the input pipe and the output pipe.
The invention relates to a high puncture strength and high polar flame retardant waterproof sheet and a preparation method thereof. according to the weight percentage, the raw material formula of the waterproof sheet comprises the following components: high density polyethylene 10: 30%; linear low density polyethylene 0: 10%; Metallocene catalyzed linear low density polyethylene 30% 60%; modified resin 10% 20%; flame retardant 5% 15%; wherein the modified resin is a resin containing polar groups. The waterproof sheet of the invention takes high density polyethylene and metallocene catalyzed linear low density polyethylene as the main resin, supplemented with modified resin and flame retardant, so that the waterproof sheet not only has high puncture resistance, excellent tensile performance and elongation, but also has flame retardancy, but also improves the surface polarity of the waterproof sheet, increases the surface energy and improves the wettability, thereby improving the bonding performance between the waterproof sheet and the adhesive layer.
The invention discloses a polypropylene plastic film and a processing method thereof, which comprises the following components: 30 parts by weight of polypropylene resin, 15 parts of polypropylene alcohol, 12 parts of magnesium stearate, 8 parts of plasticizer, 6 parts of flame retardant, 5 parts of toughening agent and 3 parts of ceramic fiber. The invention effectively improves the thermal stability of the product through magnesium stearate and flame retardant, the product performance is good, the long-term use will not be damaged, and the service life is long; through the addition of toughening agent and ceramic fiber, the tensile strength of the product is effectively improved, and the service life of the product is further improved.
The invention provides a styrene maleic anhydride copolymer and a preparation method thereof, which relates to the field of polymer material synthesis. The copolymer is obtained by free radical copolymerization of monomers. According to the mole fraction, the monomers include the following components: 4550% styrene, 4550% maleic anhydride, monounsaturated fatty acids of 5~10%C12~C18, and 00.5% unsaturated monomers, wherein the unsaturated monomers do not include monounsaturated fatty acids of styrene, maleic anhydride and C12~C18. The invention also provides a preparation method of the copolymer. The copolymer provided by the invention has the characteristics of light color, high acid value, low molecular weight and uniform structure, and can be used as paper surface sizing agent and organic pigment dispersant respectively in papermaking, textile, printing and dyeing, paint, chemical, optoelectronic and other industries. Protective colloid, photoresist, etc.
The invention discloses a double-layer dual-mode thermal barrier coating with high temperature resistance, low thermal conductivity and long life and a preparation process thereof. the coating comprises a first layer thermal insulation layer located inside and a second layer thermal insulation layer located on the outside. the first layer thermal insulation layer and the second layer thermal insulation layer are composed of several layers; the double-layer dual-mode structure thermal barrier coating is a macro-cylindrical and micro-layered dual-mode structure. The first layer of thermal insulation layer accounts for 30% / 50% of the total thickness of the thermal barrier coating of the double-layer dual-mode structure, and the second layer of thermal insulation layer accounts for 50% / 70% of the total thickness of the coating. The material used has no phase transition at 1200 to 1600 ℃, and the thermal conductivity is lower than 1.8W/ m ·K at high temperature. The double-layer dual-mode structure proposed by the invention will make up for the defect of poor fracture toughness of the new material, so that the new material which can withstand ultra-high temperature and ultra-low thermal conductivity can quickly realize engineering application.
The invention provides a moisture absorption coating material, a preparation method and an application thereof, belonging to the field of moisture absorbent. The moisture absorption coating material has a relatively ideal specific surface area and can effectively improve the moisture absorption performance, thereby effectively improving the dehumidification performance of the tube-fin heat exchanger. The technical proposal includes preparing an ion exchange resin solution with a solid content of 10% in a polar solvent. After the resin is completely dissolved into a transparent solution, an ionic liquid of 40% to 200% by weight of the resin is added to the transparent solution, which is evenly mixed and poured on the carrier. Vacuum programmed temperature drying to obtain dry film The dry film was removed and boiled in boiling water for 1.5 minutes for 3 hours. After the ionic liquid was removed, the porous dry film was obtained by drying at 100 ℃-120 ℃. After crushing it, the moisture absorption coating material was obtained. The invention can be applied to dehumidification heat exchanger products.
The invention relates to a class of λ type brominated benzo fluorenone derivatives, the intramolecular carbonyl group and the contained carbon. The spatial direction of the bromine single bond is the same and is close to the parallel position; in different solvents, the solution can show different colors; under the action of different excitation light, the solutions of these different solvents can show different fluorescence emission wavelengths, have a large Stokes shift, and can also emit light in solid state. The preparation method was provided, and the target compound was obtained by Suzuki coupling reaction (Suzuki Coupling) with p-aminophenylboric acid or borate ester from dibromoarylfluorenone. These compounds have simple synthesis and are a kind of excellent light-emitting materials with remarkable lyochromic properties. it will have a very wide application prospect in many fields, such as electroluminescent devices, light-emitting sensors, intelligent responsive materials or biomedical imaging, etc.
The invention provides a cable insulation material and a preparation method thereof, which relates to the technical field of materials. The invention relates to a method for preparing a cable insulation material, which comprises: butadiene? 100 parts of vinyl pyridine rubber, 15 parts of modified bone adhesive, 3 parts of transition metal compounds, 1.5 parts of rare earth metal compounds, 0.5 parts of antioxidants and 5 parts of zinc oxide whisker. The insulating material has the characteristics of self-healing ability, good toughness and good insulation performance. The invention relates to a method for preparing a cable insulation material, which comprises the following steps: butadiene? Vinyl pyridine rubber, modified bone adhesive, transition metal compounds, rare earth metal compounds, antioxidants and zinc oxide whiskers were mixed, melted and extruded. The method has the advantages of simple operation and strong controllability, and can be produced on a large scale.
The invention discloses a method for synthesizing propylene oxide in a microchannel reactor. The method comprises the following steps: ① simultaneously pumps liquid propylene, hydrogen peroxide solution and methanol solution into a microchannel mixer to form a homogeneous mixture; ② sends the homogeneous mixture into a microchannel preheater for preheating; ③ sends the preheated homogeneous mixture into a microchannel reactor for reaction, and the microchannel reactor is filled with TS??1 titanium-silicon molecular sieve catalyst ④ sends the reaction products obtained in step ③ into the product separation tank after cooling in the product cooler. After separation, the gas phase products are emptied, and the liquid phase products are collected into the product collection tank. The invention has the advantages of low risk of explosion, high conversion rate of hydrogen peroxide and high yield of propylene oxide.
The invention provides a tobacco grade rubber with impurity content ≤ 0.08%, ash content ≤ 0.75%, nitrogen content ≤ 0.6%, volatile content ≤ 0.8%, plastic initial value ≥ 40, plasticity retention rate ≥ 60%, Mooney viscosity ML/ (1mm 4') 100 ℃ 83 ±10, acetone extract content 2.0%, copper content ≤ 8mg/kg, manganese content ≤ 10mg/kg. The water soluble content of the tobacco grade rubber is 0.8% and 2.4%. Through the control of the water soluble content index and the protein content index in the rubber, the prepared tobacco sheet grade rubber not only has good mechanical properties, but also has relatively excellent aging resistance. as a result, the mechanical properties and aging resistance of related rubber products made from tobacco grade rubber are improved.
The invention provides an aromatization catalyst, comprising: a molecular sieve catalyst loaded with metal; the metal is selected from one or more of Ag, Zn, Pt, Ru or Ga; the molecular sieve comprises ZSM??5 molecular sieve, Y type molecular sieve, A type molecular sieve, beta type molecular sieve and L type molecular sieve; the metal accounts for 10% of the mass of the catalyst The mass percentage of the molecular sieve to the catalyst is 90% to 99%. The aromatization catalyst provided by the invention can activate methane efficiently, so that the reaction temperature and pressure of the aromatization process of methane with alkanes are greatly reduced; at the same time, the catalyst of the invention can promote the aromatization reaction of feedstock oil, effectively improve the conversion of raw materials and the yield of aromatics, especially the selectivity and yield of light aromatics such as benzene, toluene and xylene.
The invention relates to the technical field of sporting goods processing, in particular, an integrated rod air injection forming method comprises the following steps: (1) preparing thickened silicone tube, (2) selecting copying tool, (3) wrapping yarn material, (4) making straight rod preform, (5) making integrated rod preform, (6) butt steel nozzle, (7) forming, and (8) obtaining integrated rod rough embryo. The integrated rod air filling forming method obtained by the invention not only maintains the supporting force of silica gel, makes the wall thickness of the product uniform, the interlayer combination is good, and basically has no bad such as internal fracture, etc., but also has the effect of wind pressure, and the resin loss is large. the product has good properties such as drop hammer, fatigue and so on.
The invention relates to a method containing anions. Nonionic hydrophilic waterborne polyurethane dispersion and preparation method and application thereof, the raw material of the dispersion contains a, one or more polyhydroxyl compounds with number average molecular weight of 2000??6000g/mol; b, one or more polyhydroxyl compounds have number average molecular weight of 1000??5000g/mol, and the number average molecular weight of component b is at least lower than the number average molecular weight of component a. The waterborne polyurethane dispersion of the invention has high solid content (greater than or equal to 45%) and high initial peeling strength, which meets the requirements of the shoe adhesive production line.
The invention provides a method for manufacturing a polarizer with excellent appearance. The manufacturing method of the polarizing plate of the invention comprises the following steps: a process of obtaining a long resin substrate and a laminate (10) of a polyvinyl alcohol resin layer formed on one side of the resin substrate; a process of dyeing the polyvinyl alcohol resin layer; a process of stretching the laminate (10); a process of trimming the width direction end (10a) of the laminate (10) before stretching And the process of pasting a long strip of protective film on the polyvinyl alcohol resin layer after dyeing and stretching. The width of the stretched laminated body (10) corresponds to the width of the laminated body when pasting.
The invention relates to the technical field of coatings, in particular to a fireproof coating. The fireproof coating is made of raw materials containing the following parts by weight: epoxy resin 30ppm, acrylic resin 40phr, nonylphenol polyoxyethylene ether 10phr, refractory 10phr, polydimethylsiloxane 1phr, triethylenetetramine 3phr, deionized water 40phr. The fire retardant coating has longer fire resistance time than 260min and excellent fireproof performance. In addition, its adhesion is grade 1 and has good adhesion effect.
The invention discloses an epoxy resin gasket, which is made of the following raw materials by weight: Epoxy resin 51 40 parts, toughening agent 10 parts, curing agent 30 parts, diluent 15 parts, white jade powder 4 parts, sepiolite wool 7 parts, acrylic pulp 5 parts, 10 parts. The epoxy resin gasket prepared by the invention not only has high compression elastic modulus, compressive strength, tensile strength and impact strength, but also has excellent heat resistance, wear resistance and corrosion resistance.
The invention discloses a new use of a metal salt as a terminating agent for hydrolysis reaction or a neutralizer for washing steps in the preparation process of cellulose acetate. The invention also discloses a method for improving the stability of cellulose acetate and the cellulose acetate prepared by the method and its application, belonging to the field of cellulose. The chemical formula of the metal salt in the invention is that MA,M is alkaline earth metal, An is acid ion, and the PK value of MA is 3.7-7.6. When the cellulose acetate product prepared by the metal salt as the terminating agent of the hydrolysis reaction and the neutralizing agent of the washing step enriches the metal salt or the neutralizing reaction product at high temperature, the product state is colorless and transparent, and the stability is good. The method of the invention is suitable for the preparation of transparent or opaque cellulose diacetate or cellulose triacetate, and the method of the invention is beneficial to the control of stability in the production process of cellulose acetate and the application of cellulose acetate products.
The invention discloses a waterborne environment-friendly waterproof coating and a preparation method thereof. the coating is formed by connecting modified cinnamyl alcohol and modified cinnamaldehyde with sodium dicarboxylic acid, and then compounded with waterborne epoxy resin. the specific steps include the following steps: (1) to modify cinnamyl alcohol to obtain modified cinnamaldehyde; to modify cinnamaldehyde to obtain modified cinnamaldehyde (3) A new hydrophobic substance GC; (4) was obtained by connecting modified cinnamyl alcohol and modified cinnamaldehyde through sodium dicarboxylic acid. The new hydrophobic substance GC was connected with waterborne epoxy resin to obtain waterborne environment-friendly waterproof coating. The environment-friendly waterproof coating prepared by the invention has good mechanical properties of the coating, reduces the water absorption of the waterborne epoxy resin matrix, and has certain antibacterial ability.
A method of distillation separation of ethylbenzene from a mixture containing ethylbenzene and at least one other C8 aromatic compound includes distilling the mixture in a distillation column in the presence of an extraction solvent, characterized in that the distillation column operates at subatmospheric pressure.
The invention relates to an all-solid binder for secondary battery, which contains a binder polymer, which is formed by polymerizing or copolymerizing a monomer composition containing polyepoxane monomers.
The invention relates to a formula of high temperature water washable polyamide hot melt adhesive for textile, which comprises the following mass components: 50 parts of polyamide resin, 20 parts of polyethersulfone resin, 30 parts of filler, 13 parts of petroleum resin and 3 parts of antioxidant. Polyethersulfone resin is a transparent amber amorphous resin with excellent heat resistance, excellent reliability for sharp temperature changes, and excellent reliability for long-term use at high temperature. therefore, the polyamide hot melt adhesive modified by polyethersulfone resin has better high temperature resistance and can be used in textiles, it can be shaped by high temperature steam, it can also be washed or even soaked at high temperature. In addition, polyethersulfone resin also has good chemical corrosion resistance, and the modified polyamide hot melt adhesive can resist the erosion of detergents.
The invention provides a manufacturing method of masterbatch, in particular, wherein the dispersibility of microfibrillated plant fibers is further improved to obtain excellent processability and improved rubber properties such as fuel economy, tensile strength and elongation at break. The invention relates to a method for manufacturing masterbatch. The method comprises the steps of (I): combining rubber latex with Nylon? Oxy compounds oxidize the treated microfibrillated plant fibers to mix to obtain the mixture and solidify the mixture by adjusting its pH to 2cm 6.
The utility model discloses a polyester imide composite enamelled copper flat wire, comprising a flat copper wire. The outer side of the flat copper wire is followed by a bottom paint layer and a polyester imide paint layer, and the bottom paint layer is a polyurethane paint layer. The polyester imide paint layer is wrapped with a polyethylene layer, the polyethylene layer is wrapped with a polyamide imide film, and the polyamide imide film is coated with an anti-tension layer. The tensile layer is provided with a carbon fiber wire, the carbon fiber wire is arranged along the length direction of the flat copper wire, and the carbon fiber wire is arranged with a plurality of strands; the tensile layer is provided with a carbon fiber wire, and the carbon fiber wire is arranged along the length direction of the flat copper wire, and a plurality of strands are arranged along the circumferential direction of the tensile layer. Compared with the existing polyester imide composite enamelled copper flat wire, the utility model improves the strength, water resistance, wear resistance, alkali resistance, thermal deformation resistance and tensile resistance, and improves the scope of application.
The invention relates to a vulcanized silicone rubber and a preparation method thereof, which comprises the following steps: the antistatic agent solution is uniformly mixed with the solvent to obtain the antistatic agent solution; the antistatic agent solution is mixed with the filler and dispersed for 15 minutes for 45 minutes, and the pretreated filler is obtained by placing it for more than 24 hours; the pretreated filler and the release agent are added to the silicone rubber to obtain the mixed rubber. The vulcanized silicone rubber is obtained by adding the vulcanizing agent to the mixed rubber and refining it evenly. The difference between the initial volume resistivity of the vulcanized silicone rubber prepared by the invention and the volume resistivity after 180 days and 360 days is small, indicating that the attenuation of antistatic performance is slow, and a good antistatic performance can be maintained for a long time. It significantly improves the service life, reduces the consumption cost, is suitable for large-scale production, and can bring obvious economic benefits.
An antistatic optical hardening film comprises a support body, an antistatic layer coated on the surface of the support body and a hardened layer arranged on the antistatic layer. The antistatic layer is formed by curing a coating liquid containing polyurethane resin and carbon nanotubes, and the hardening layer is formed by a coating liquid composed of the following components by weight: polyurethane acrylate oligomer, diluent, isocyanate, photoinitiator, leveling auxiliaries and organic solvents. The antistatic optical hardening film provided by the invention has excellent optical performance, good interlayer adhesion and excellent antistatic performance, and the antistatic performance will not decline due to the change of the external environment.
The invention belongs to the field of functional materials and discloses a surface hydrophobic buffer material and a preparation method and application thereof. According to the weight of the raw material, the buffer material includes: fluorinated polyether polyol 70 parts, 5613 polyether 30 parts, water 3 parts, silicone oil 560 parts, silicone oil 560 parts, 33 parts by mass, triethylene diamine solution 0.06 parts, stannous octanoate 0.12 parts, toluene diisocyanate 47.7 parts, 50 parts. After the mixture of the above substances was foamed at 60 ℃, the surface hydrophobic buffer material was prepared. The cushioning material has excellent hydrophobic performance, which can prevent the performance deterioration caused by the water absorption of the material surface when used in the most exciting part of the wet environment. At the same time, it also has some applications in anti-icing.
The invention discloses a method for preparing a highly h0h oriented MFI type molecular sieve membrane, which comprises the following steps: (1) preparing short columnar MFI type molecular sieve nanocrystal seeds; (2) preparing a dense MFI type molecular sieve layer with oriented structure on a porous support by charge self-assembly; and (3) preparing a hoh oriented MFI type molecular sieve film with continuous density on the surface of the crystallized porous support by hydrothermal synthesis. The oriented MFI zeolite membrane can effectively reduce the transport resistance and improve the permeation flux and selectivity of the membrane. It has good separation performance when separating n-butane / isobutane (n??CH/i??CH), propylene / nitrogen (CH/N) and other mixed systems.
The invention discloses a universal metal ink cured by ultraviolet light, which comprises the following mass percentage components: monomer 5%, photosensitive resin 40%, photoinitiator 8%, powder 11% 26%. The UV-curable metal ink of the invention is used for general-purpose metal ink, which not only has the properties of high gloss, excellent leveling, high coverage, friction resistance, scratch resistance, resistance to various chemicals, etc., but also has the characteristics of UV rapid curing, no VOC emission, no volatile organic solvents, no irritation, no odor, resistance to various solvents, good adhesion, no fault and the like. Can be widely used in anodized aluminum, stainless steel, white copper, iron plate and other metal substrates. At the same time, the invention also discloses a preparation method of universal metal ink cured by ultraviolet light.
The invention relates to a water-based ink and a preparation method thereof, wherein the water-based ink comprises the following raw materials expressed by weight parts: epoxy resin modified polyurethane emulsion 32 parts by weight, acrylic polymer emulsion 10 parts, triethylamine 5 parts, defoamer 5 parts, dispersant 5 parts, pigment 10 parts, pigment 10 parts, leveling agent 5 parts, wetting agent 8 parts, wetting agent 8 parts, and wetting agent 8 parts. The solvent is 12 parts, including water and ethanol, in which the volume ratio of water to ethanol is 4 parts. The water-based ink prepared according to the above ratio has the advantages of water resistance, wear resistance and high gloss.
The invention discloses a catalyst preparation and application for oxidizing benzyl alcohol to benzaldehyde, which relates to the technical field of catalyst. Specifically, the MOFs material is used as a catalyst. The preparation method is as follows: pyrazole carboxylic acid ligand 3mem4? Cu pyrazole carboxylic acid MOF was synthesized from pyrazole dicarboxylic acid (Hpdc) and soluble Cu salt, then activated and used as a catalyst for the oxidation of benzyl alcohol to benzaldehyde. Under the optimal conditions, the conversion of benzyl alcohol reached 98.62%, and the selectivity of benzaldehyde was higher than 99%. In the invention, the catalytic reaction condition is mild, the catalyst and the product are easy to be separated, the post-treatment of the reaction system is easy, the catalyst can be recycled, the pollution is small, the environment is friendly, and has industrial application prospect.
The invention provides a lithium-based special base oil, which is made of the following percentage of raw materials: alkane oil: 40%, naphthenic oil: 30%, naphthenic oil: 45%, and aromatic oil: 25%, 15%. The lithium-based special base oil provided by the invention and the preparation method thereof can meet the improvement of the overall performance of lithium-based grease.
The invention discloses a co-production method for preparing perfluorine. Methyl? 2? Pentene and perfluorofluorine? 4? Methyl? 2? The method of pentene includes a cyclic application process. It has the characteristics of high conversion and selectivity, mild and controllable reaction conditions, cyclic application of catalysts and solvents in the reactor and simple separation of reaction products.
The utility model relates to a filter for industrial coating filtration system. The filter has a housing consisting of an outer wall extending around the periphery. The housing is preferably made of suitable rigid material. It is preferred that the rigid supporting backplane is installed in the shell. The supporting backplate has a flat structure with openings formed through it, so that the gas can flow through without significant resistance. The preferred flat sheet made of the supporting backplane is wrinkled. The wrinkled support backplane defines a series of plates, each at an angle to the next adjacent plate. Install the filter medium to the support back plate, attach the end cover to the end of the support back plate to maintain the wrinkled structure, and insert the assembly into the housing, which may have an end cover to seal with tape or adhesive.
The invention discloses a composition capable of laser color labeling, including acrylic emulsion, polyethylene terephthalate resin, bisphenol An epoxy resin, black pigment, color pigment, photothermal conversion material, cross-linking agent, initiator, adhesive, reactive emulsifier, antioxidant, and fillers optionally added or not added The composition can be brushed on the surface of the substrate, wherein the lone pair electrons on the carboxyl group and the nitrogen atom in the adhesive can form a coordination bond with the metal ions on the surface of the substrate to increase the bonding degree between the composition and the substrate; the photothermal conversion material can convert light energy into thermal energy, so that the laser can be marked at low power, and does not affect the labeling effect and saves energy.
The invention discloses a method and a device for word segmentation and part of speech recognition. The method comprises the following steps: obtaining the corpus of identified phrases according to the target electronic medical record; segmenting the corpus of identified phrases by using the pre-set post-structured system of electronic medical records to get the target words The ambiguous words in the target words are determined by the pre-set ambiguity thesaurus combined with the two-way maximum matching algorithm, and the conditional random field algorithm is used to set the target part-of-speech tagging for each ambiguous word; the pre-set medical part-of-speech thesaurus combined with two-way maximum matching algorithm is used to set the target part-of-speech tagging for the non-ambiguous words in the target words. Compared with the prior art, the invention can not only improve the recognition accuracy of ambiguous words, but also improve the overall accuracy and processing efficiency of part of speech recognition. The invention also provides a method and a device for analyzing electronic medical records, and the beneficial effect is as described above.
The invention discloses an inertial guide frame for self-driving testing equipment, which comprises a combination frame of a mounting rod and a supporting plate with adjustable length. One end of the mounting rod is equipped with a fixed tightening head with a rubber pad, and the other end is movably connected with a movable tight head with a rubber pad through a ball head ejector rod, and the ball head ejector rod is equipped with a power knob. The bracket combination frame includes a mounting hoop, an inertial navigation shelf and a connecting plate, the inertial navigation shelf is used for placing the inertial navigation, and the inertial navigation shelf is provided with an X-direction level and a Y-direction level. the inner end of the inertial navigation shelf can be installed at an X-direction adjustable angle on the connecting plate, and the connecting plate can be selected and fixed on the first installation position or the second installation position, and the Y-direction adjustable angle installation on the first installation position and the second installation position can be realized. The utility model has the characteristics of fast installation and disassembly and convenient carrying, which significantly improves the overall testing efficiency and the accuracy of data acquisition.
The invention discloses an air conditioning control method, which comprises the following steps: obtaining the control gesture of the air conditioner and obtaining the face information corresponding to the control gesture; judging whether the user is a registered user according to the face information; if the user is the registered user, the user preset operation parameters are obtained, wherein the operation parameters include cool operation parameters and / or warm operation parameters. The operation of the air conditioner is controlled according to the operating parameters. The invention also discloses an air conditioner and a computer readable storage medium. In this way, the adaptive and personalized adjustment of the air conditioning operation mode can be realized through the user's gestures and face information, which meets the needs of users for automatic adjustment of the air conditioner and improves the intelligent degree of the air conditioner, which makes the use of the air conditioner more convenient and the user experience better.
The invention provides a vehicle anti-collision early warning method and a system based on deep learning, the method uses the improved YOLOv3 algorithm to identify and detect the vehicle in the video, and obtains the position information of the vehicle in the image; the lane line detection technology detects and tracks the lane line in the video image to obtain a stable and accurate lane line The speed detection technology uses image processing technology to calculate the current vehicle speed, and according to the detection results of speed, lane and driver's behavior and perceptual response characteristics, draw a safety braking early warning area in front of the vehicle which varies with the speed in real time. The collision accident early warning technology predicts the possible collision accidents on the highway according to the position information of the vehicle in the image and the calculation results of the real-time safety early warning area. The adoption of the invention can provide help to the driving decision of the driver, ensure the driving safety of the driver and minimize the probability of collision.
The invention discloses an underactuated unmanned ship formation controller structure and a design method thereof. the controller structure comprises a communication network and a plurality of controller units, and the plurality of controller units are respectively connected with the communication network; the controller unit is composed of a tracking path module, a cooperation module, a filter, an observer, a dynamics module and an underdriven unmanned ship. The invention is suitable for underactuated unmanned ships, expands the application range of underactuated unmanned ship formation control, and makes the formation controller more favorable for practical application. The invention can not only realize synchronous formation, but also realize queue formation and encircling formation on a closed curve, thereby improving the flexibility and expansibility of underdriven unmanned ship formation. The invention reduces the calculation load of the control algorithm, and is beneficial to the real-time calculation of the actual microprocessor system such as a single-chip microcomputer or a digital signal processor, thereby improving the overall control performance of the system.
The invention discloses an urban road network travel time estimation method based on adaptive multi-task deep learning, belonging to the technical field of intelligent transportation. Firstly, the features that affect the travel time of the road section are extracted, and then the depth network composed of multiple feature learning layers is constructed by using the noise reduction sparse self-encoder as the element, and the input feature representation is learned layer by layer; finally, the uncertainty of travel time is modeled by the method based on probability, and the regression layer of multi-task is constructed, and the weight of each task is adjusted automatically by minimizing the error between the output of the model and the observed value. The invention overcomes the defects existing in the existing method, such as the shallow network is difficult to describe the complex nonlinear travel time in the urban road network, needs to artificially adjust the joint learning task weight, and can only use the data with complete task labels. it improves the efficiency of travel time estimation and has important practical significance in urban road network travel time estimation.
A remote sensing image target recognition method based on feature tensor and support tensor machine. The invention relates to a remote sensing image target recognition method. The purpose of the invention is to solve the problem that the existing vector structure features are unable to maintain the spatial structure information of the target itself in the remote sensing image, and the trained system model is difficult to directly meet the accuracy requirements. The process is as follows: first, select the training image set on the remote sensing image, and select the slices of the target and background samples on the training image according to the size of the target to be recognized on the training image; second, extract the SIFT or SURF features of the slice and construct the feature tensor; third, find the classification decision hyperplane; fourth, use the support tensor machine to recognize the target in the remote sensing image, and get the slice marked as the target. Fifth, extract the slices marked as the target, combine the slices, and get the final recognition result. The invention is used in the field of remote sensing image target recognition.
The invention relates to a flood prediction method based on a rainfall flood spatio-temporal database, which comprises the following steps: 1) constructing a rainfall flood spatio-temporal database; 2) drawing a dynamic spatio-temporal precipitation map according to the rainfall flood spatio-temporal database combined with GIS map data 3) the corresponding spatio-temporal data of all rainstorm paths involved in the flood disaster in the historical period are obtained according to the rainfall and flood spatio-temporal database, and the rainstorm paths are displayed on the spatio-temporal precipitation map. 4) the corresponding classification model is obtained according to the spatio-temporal data of all rainstorm paths, and the flood is predicted according to the classification model. Compared with the prior art, the invention has the advantages of time-space connection, dynamic intuition, accurate prediction and the like.
The embodiment of the invention provides an autopilot perception method and a sand table control system. The sand table control system includes a sand table control center server, a plurality of communication devices located in the sand table and communicatively connected with the sand table control center server, and a plurality of communication base stations located in the sand table and communicated with the traffic device and the sand table control center server. The method also includes: the traffic device senses its own motion data in real time, and sends the motion data to the sand table control center server; each communication base station acquires the radio beacon data of the traffic device respectively, and sends the radio beacon data to the sand table control center server; the sand table control center server generates corresponding autopilot control instructions based on the motion data and radio beacon data and sends them to the traffic device. The transporter carries out autopilot in the sand table based on the autopilot control instructions. Thus, the self-driving function of the self-driving vehicle can be realized and the cost of the vehicle can be reduced to the maximum at the same time.
The invention includes a sensitive quality detection device and a method, which are used for realizing: receiving the test mode sent by the data processing device, generating the test mode using a soft carpet, and collecting the user's motion track signal data. The data interaction between the track acquisition device and the data acquisition device is converted and transmitted, in which the conversion includes converting the interactive data into data that can be identified by the corresponding device; providing an interactive interface for custom editing of the sensitive quality test mode, and parsing the track signal data and comparing it with the preset score data, and converting the comparison results into the corresponding test results to be displayed on the display device. The beneficial effect of the invention is that the sensitive quality test desired by the editor can be customized, and the testing accuracy is greatly improved.
The invention discloses a Chinese and English language speech recognition method and a system aiming at the field of civil aviation land-to-air communication. The method includes: obtaining the data set of civil aviation land and air call voice, including audio file, tagged text, pronunciation dictionary and language model, as the training data set; extracting features from the training data set and converting the data to get feature vectors; carrying out language recognition training according to the feature vectors to obtain a Chinese and English language recognition model According to the feature vector, the speech recognition training is carried out to obtain the Chinese and English speech recognition model; the language recognition model is used as the front end and the speech recognition model as the back end to obtain the civil aviation air traffic control Chinese and English language speech recognition method. The method or system of the invention can assist the controller to analyze the land-air dialogue, ensure the accuracy of speech recognition and improve the accuracy of civil aviation land-to-air communication.
The utility model relates to the technical field of intelligent devices of the Internet of things, in particular to an Internet of things household equipment. Aiming at the problems of poor heat dissipation at the bottom of the existing Internet of things household equipment and easy to affect the signal sending and receiving effect, the utility model now puts forward the following proposal. The utility model includes a household equipment shell, a placing slot is arranged on both sides of the household equipment shell, a supporting frame is rotated in the placing slot, and a rectangular hole is arranged on the top side of the supporting frame. One end of the pull rod is rotated in the rectangular hole, the same guide rod is welded on the inner walls of both sides of the slot, the outer sliding sleeve of the guide rod is connected with a skateboard, and the bottom end of the skateboard extends into the corresponding rectangular hole and is threaded with a screw. The structure design of the utility model is reasonable, and the two supporting frames can be flipped and fixed on both sides of the bottom of the household equipment shell, and the two supporting frames can erect the household equipment shell and raise the height of the household equipment shell at the same time. It is beneficial to the heat dissipation and signal transmission of the housing of household equipment, and is convenient for use.
The invention relates to an abnormal network data generation and prediction method based on a deep machine learning model, which comprises the following steps: step S1: collect the historical performance index data of the system components and train the anomaly prediction model; step S2: online collect the performance index data of all components in the system Step S3: determine whether there are components associated with each component, if yes, execute step S4, otherwise, perform step S5; step S4: combine the data of the two components into a binary, calculate the residual value of the binary, and input it to the anomaly prediction model corresponding to the binary, and perform step S6 Step S5: search the anomaly prediction model corresponding to the component, input the performance index data of the component into the anomaly prediction model corresponding to the component, and perform step S6; step S6: judge the prediction result of the output of the model, if there is an anomaly, then give an alarm. Compared with the prior art, the invention overcomes the problem of sample imbalance during the training of the anomaly prediction system, and improves the prediction performance of the model.
The invention provides a method and a device for measuring the amount of indoor human movement. The method includes: obtaining the human body contour depth information image transmitted by the infrared depth somatosensory sensor set in the room; according to the image frame of the human body contour depth information image at each time of movement, the body weight coefficient of the human body at each time of movement is analyzed. According to the image frame of the human body contour depth information image at each movement time and the body weight coefficient, the amount of movement of the human body is calculated. The method captures the human body contour depth information image when the human body is moving by an infrared depth somatosensory sensor set in the room, and the human contour depth information image can be used to calculate the amount of human movement. to solve the problem that the intelligent equipment used to detect the amount of exercise must be worn, which brings inconvenience to the user and the detection accuracy is not accurate.
The application embodiment discloses a training method, device, equipment and storage medium of a face key point location model. The method includes: constructing a CNN model for locating facial key points, wherein the number of convolution layers of the CNN model is greater than the first threshold, and the number of channels of the convolution layer is less than the second threshold; the CNN model is used to locate the face key points of the training samples, and the prediction position of the face key points is obtained; wherein, the face key points include n classifications, and n is an integer greater than 1 The prediction position and real position of the facial key points of each classification are calculated respectively, and the corresponding loss function values of n categories are calculated, and then the loss function values of the CNN model are calculated. when the loss function value of the CNN model is less than the preset threshold, stop the training of the CNN model and save it. By constructing a slender CNN model, the embodiment of the application reduces the volume of the model on the premise that the positioning accuracy is not lost as much as possible.
The invention discloses a method and a system for predicting the arrival of a hotel without a room on an OTA platform. The prediction method comprises the following steps: after a user has issued an order, the user order data is obtained; according to the user order data, the user order reservation data, the hotel history data, the price data of the hotel room type, the tension data of the hotel room type and the data of the hotel history to the hotel vacancy rate corresponding to the user order data are obtained. The above data are processed by the decision tree classification algorithm, and a user-to-hotel probability prediction model is established to predict the probability of orders to the hotel. According to the probability, the OTA platform sends intervention content to the hotel. The invention improves the existing manual inspection method for dealing with orders that may arrive without rooms, has the problem of low overall coverage, and automatically interferes with orders whose probability of arriving without rooms exceeds the set threshold, so as to reduce the situation of users without rooms to the store, so as to improve user experience and enhance brand image.
The utility model relates to a police reconnaissance UAV, which comprises a UAV body, a first box body with an inverted T-shaped cross-section fixed on the top surface of the UAV body, a second box body fixed on the bottom surface of the UAV body, and an opening in the lower part of the second box body. A first electric control switch is fixed on the front side of the top surface of the first box body, a horseshoe-shaped first electromagnet is fixed on the upper side of the first box body, and the first electromagnet is connected with the first electric control switch. The first electromagnet is provided with a first magnetic block, the first magnetic block can be absorbed with the first electromagnet, the top surface of the first magnetic block is fixedly connected with the lower end of the spring, the upper end of the spring is fixedly connected with the top surface of the first box body, and the bottom surface of the first magnetic block is fixedly equipped with a percussion pin. The invention has the advantages of simple structure and convenient use, and carries out emergency protection when the UAV breaks down, which can effectively avoid the crash of the UAV, protect the fuselage, reduce unnecessary losses and prevent the safety problems caused by the crash of the UAV.
The invention relates to a fingerprint imaging module and an electronic device. The fingerprint imaging module includes a light source for generating incident light, and the light source includes a light output surface, and a light guide is located on the light output surface of the light source for conducting incident light. The color layer is located on the light source and the light guide, including a light transmission area corresponding to the position of the light guide, which is used for transmitting incident light transmitted by the light guide, and the incident light is reflected to form a reflected light; an image sensor is located on the side of the light transmission area away from the light source and is used for receiving the reflected light to obtain a fingerprint image. It is possible to increase the incident light projected to the transparent area. Therefore, the setting of the light guide can improve the incident light intensity transmitted to the finger through the light transmission area, thereby improving the light intensity of the reflected light formed by the finger reflection and carrying fingerprint information, and is conducive to improving the quality of the fingerprint image obtained.
A special vehicle identification method for self-driving vehicles includes multi-channel information collection, vehicle detection and feature extraction, and special vehicle recognition processing. According to deep learning, target vehicle features are extracted from multi-channel real-time traffic video and audio information, and Bayesian statistical learning is used to realize special vehicle identification based on multi-modal fusion. According to the signs of special vehicles and their unique image features, as well as the acousto-optic characteristics of warning lights and alarms, special vehicles and their working status can be quickly identified. The invention can realize the detection and identification of the special vehicle performing the task on the road by the unmanned vehicle, and timely inform the operating system of the unmanned vehicle to take avoidance measures, so as to provide the decision-making basis for the unmanned vehicle to evade the road participation object with priority of way in time, and the method can reduce the misunderstanding problem of the special target vehicle and improve the intelligent level of the unmanned vehicle.
The invention discloses a control method, a device, a storage medium and an air conditioning system of an air conditioning equipment. The method includes: obtaining the control algorithm written in the external chip of the air conditioning equipment, wherein, the control algorithm is used to configure the neural network model, and the neural network model is trained by machine learning using multiple sets of data. each group of data in the multiple sets of data includes: simulation data of the air conditioning system simulation model The control strategy of the air conditioning equipment is adjusted according to the control algorithm, in which the control strategy is used to determine the working mode of the air conditioning equipment to be used. The invention solves the technical problems that the control strategy adopted by the air conditioning equipment provided in the related technology is relatively fixed and single, difficult to update and upgrade, and thus unable to maximize energy efficiency.
The invention discloses an intelligent fight ball training action standard recognition method and a system based on force. The method includes the following steps: judging whether the fight ball training kicks off and identifying the kick off action, judging whether the hitting action conforms to the pure straight boxing action standard, judging whether the hitting action conforms to the pure knee bending and leg folding action standard, judging whether the hitting action conforms to the straight fist and knee folding leg alternating action standard, and judging whether the hitting action conforms to the knee bending leg folding and straight fist alternating action standard. The method and the system of the invention solve the technical problem that it is impossible to identify whether the hitting action during the fighting training conforms to the standard.
A system and method for estimating a modulation transfer function in an optical system are disclosed. A method for determining modulation transfer function (MTF) for an image includes: receiving an image captured by an optical system; performing edge detection on columns or rows in the image to calculate a plurality of edge points; calculating a plurality of polynomials fitted to the calculated edge points, each of which is variable in degree; and selecting a polynomial from the plurality of polynomials to represent the detected edge. And estimating the MTF based on the selected polynomials.
The invention discloses a clustering method of power system operation mode based on Sparse Autoencoder, which obtains the relevant data in the power system, then sets training parameters, hides the number of layers and neurons, trains the related data by Autoencoder model, extracts the topological structure and weight matrix of the model, carries out clustering analysis, obtains the number of typical scenes, and decodes the original data of each scene center. The invention can quickly select and reduce the dimension of the feature vector characterizing the operation mode of the power system, and provides a new idea and method for selecting the feature vector of the power system operation mode and generating a typical operation scene. At the same time, it creates a precedent for the application of neural network in this aspect.
The invention discloses a symbol rewriting information hiding detection method based on Bayesian inference. The method comprises the following steps: 1) selecting steganography sensitive symbols according to compressed speech symbol value distribution entropy in the training sample, thereby constructing a symbol strong association network; constructing a symbol Bayesian network classifier based on the symbol strong association network, and using Dirichlet distribution as a parameter of a priori distribution learning symbol Bayesian network classifier Step 2) calculate the steganography index threshold J according to the symbol Bayesian network classifier and training samples; step 3) for an unknown type of compressed speech, calculate its steganography index J, if J ≥ J, determine that the speech segment is a non-steganography speech segment; if J < J, determine that the speech segment is a steganography speech segment. The method of the invention can obtain more accurate steganography detection results; and the method of the invention takes the symbols in the code stream as the analysis object, does not need to be decoded, and can achieve the effect of real-time steganography detection.
The invention relates to the field of cable deicing, in particular to a UAV with snow and ice removal function of cable, comprising a control mechanism, an unmanned body, a cleaning mechanism and a sliding mechanism The control mechanism cooperates with the cleaning mechanism to realize the relative movement of the two connecting rods by the electric push rod, which further realizes the relative movement of the two shells, and further realizes the ice and snow conflict between the two heat conduction plates located on the opposite side wall of the heating plate and the surface of the cable wire, and realizes the melting of the ice and snow, and the spring is installed between the two heating plates and the shell, and the spring cooperates with the steel ball, which on the one hand realizes the guidance to the whole structure, on the other hand, it realizes the guidance to the whole structure. The utility model avoids the sticking of the whole structure on the surface of the cable, improves the melting speed of the ice and snow on the surface of the cable, the shell with the arc structure, the heating sheet with the arc structure, and increases the stability of the connection between the heat conduction plate, the steel ball and the cable wire. and the heat conduction plate which is equidistant fixed on the surface of the heating plate realizes the melting of ice and snow.
The invention relates to a multi-functional unmanned flight device, which comprises a main body and four rotors, the four rotors are uniformly arranged on the periphery of the main body, and also includes a replacement mechanism, which is provided with a cavity inside the main body. the replacement mechanism is arranged inside the main body, and the replacement mechanism comprises a connecting sleeve, an air bag, a connecting seat, a sliding rod, a spring, a trigger assembly and two connecting components. The connection assembly comprises a moving casing, a slotting, a moving rod and a bolt, and the trigger component comprises a second transmission rod and two first transmission rods. In the multi-function unmanned flight device, two connection components are driven by the trigger component to operate. Under the action of the two connection components, the convenience of disassembly and assembly between the connection seat and the connection sleeve is improved, so that the UAV can carry different kinds of instruments. The practicability of UAV is improved.
The invention discloses a variable pitch device with variable propeller radius of a rotor UAV, which comprises a fixed frame and at least one set of rotor mounting assemblies. The rotor mounting assembly includes a rotary shaft, a first outer kit for moving the rotary shaft in a straight line along the axis, and a second outer kit for rotating the rotary shaft. The variable pitch device also includes a drive assembly which is arranged for each set of rotor mounting components and is used to drive the linear and rotational motion of the corresponding rotary shaft, and the power shaft of the rotor rotation is fixed at the bottom of the whole device. Compared with the existing single way of changing the rotor lift angle by changing the pitch, the invention can maximize the lift of the whole rotor in a short time, and is more convenient to control, and at the same time, the matching structure of the drive rod and the lifting frame can better fix the pitch and lifting angle of the rotor, and the volume is smaller, the structure is compact, and all the parts are at the rotor connection, which has better market promotion.
The invention relates to a method for determining the destination of a person by means of a destination identification unit (2), wherein the determination method is based on the possibility of the person (3) driving to the destination, and the method at least has the following steps:? Identify at least one item (4) carried by a person (3). A possible destination is determined by at least one identified item (4).
The invention relates to a mobile robot that provides environment mapping for home environment control. A mobile robot includes a processor connected to a memory and a wireless network circuit for executing routines stored in the memory and commands generated by the routines and received via the wireless network circuits. The processor drives the mobile robot to a plurality of accessible two-dimensional locations in the home and commands an end effector including at least one motorized actuator to perform mechanical work in the home. The plurality of routines include a first routine that monitors the wireless local network and detects the presence of the network entity on the wireless local network; a second routine that receives a signal from a sensor that detects an action state of one of the network entities, which is variable between waiting and activity; and a third routine that commands the end effector to change the state of performing mechanical work based on the presence and action state.
This application uses the social driving style learning framework or system of autonomous vehicles, which can dynamically learn the social driving style from the surrounding vehicles and adopt the driving style as needed. Each autonomous vehicle in a specific driving area is equipped with a driving style learning system to perceive the driving behavior of the surrounding vehicles and derive a set of driving style elements. Each autonomous vehicle transmits driving style elements to a centralized remote server. The server aggregates the driving style elements collected from the autonomous vehicle to determine the driving style corresponding to the particular driving area. The server transmits the driving style back to each autonomous vehicle. The autonomous vehicle can then decide whether to adopt the driving style, such as following the traffic flow with the rest of the surrounding vehicles.
The invention provides a Hongchong invalidation system for property charges, which comprises a Hongchong system, an invalidation system and a receivable adjustment system; the invalidation system comprises an invalidation state judgment module, a direct invalidation module and a cancellation adjustment module. Add the invalidation and red function of finance to the property charging system, and gradually replace the tedious work of traditional manual information arrangement with computer intelligent information management, so as to improve the efficiency of community property management from the part to the whole. Improve work efficiency. The invention also provides an invalidation judgment adjustment method which can judge whether it can be invalidated or adjusted in all aspects, and the judgment accuracy is high. The invention also provides a red punch judgment and adjustment method, which cancels the bills recorded in previous months and has been recorded in the past through direct red punch, red rush refund and red rush adjustment so as to correct the wrong charge, which can greatly improve the overall work efficiency.
The embodiment of the present application discloses a method and apparatus for pushing information. A specific embodiment of the method includes: obtaining the target video; extracting the content features of the target video to generate a content feature vector; inputting the content feature vector into a pre-trained recommendation behavior feature prediction model to obtain the recommendation behavior feature vector of the target video; based on the obtained recommendation behavior feature vector, determining the target user, and pushing the target video to the target user. The implementation method realizes targeted information push.
The disclosed embodiment discloses a demand identification method, a device, an electronic device and a computer-readable storage medium. The method includes: determining a new object associated with a preset object group; determining the consumption demand of the new object; adding the consumption demand of the new object to the consumption demand set corresponding to the preset object group. Through the embodiment of the present disclosure, different living or working groups, such as families, companies, and enterprises, can be taken as a consumer group, the new members in the group can be automatically identified, and the consumption needs of each member of the group can be managed. Without the intervention of consumers, it is found that the various consumption needs of consumer groups can improve the life or work experience of users.
The invention discloses a supermarket path recommendation method, which first obtains the user walking path and the purchase list corresponding to the user walking path, and uses the spectral clustering algorithm to cluster the user walking path to obtain the cluster partition set. according to the cluster partition set, the commodity probability distribution of all clusters and the commodity probability distribution of average clusters are calculated, and when the user is shopping, the cluster to which the user belongs is judged. According to the probability distribution of goods in the corresponding clusters, all the paths and the probability distribution of goods on the path are calculated. finally, the shortest path that best meets the needs of users is calculated by A* algorithm, and the goods on this path will arouse the interest of users. the path distance is also relatively short. The supermarket path recommendation system of the invention comprises an intelligent terminal and a recommendation system module. The recommendation system module displays the recommended path information on the intelligent terminal for user navigation. The invention can provide the best path for the user, improve the user experience and stimulate consumption.
The invention discloses a digital customization system for protective clothing based on attitude acquisition, which comprises a production platform and a model acquisition platform, and the model acquisition platform includes a trajectory acquisition module, a classification module and a model output module. The classification module converts the fixed-point attitude image and the attitude change image collected by the trajectory acquisition module into a feature vector with axis and time axis tags, and inputs the feature vector into a preset classification model to obtain the standard protective clothing size. Based on the standard protective clothing size, the model output module searches the database to determine the cutting mode matching with the standard protective clothing size from a plurality of cutting modes, and controls the manipulator to manufacture protective clothing based on the cutting mode; the trajectory acquisition module is used for collecting user body posture changes. The invention solves the technical problem of large manufacturing error and low flexibility of conventional protective clothing, which is automatically tailored according to the user's figure, has the advantages of simple operation and good suitability of the manufactured protective clothing.
The application embodiment provides a page display method and a device for solving the problem of poor accuracy of the click rate prediction model of the display object. The method includes: receiving the page access request of the user; inputting the user characteristics of the user and the characteristics of each image corresponding to the page pointed to by the page access request into the click rate prediction model to obtain the corresponding image as the click rate prediction value of the display object; based on the obtained click rate prediction value, determine the image added to the page as the display object The determined image is added to the page and sent to the user. As a result of learning the nonlinear features of the user feature and the image feature, the final click rate prediction can accurately predict the click rate of the image as the display object. Then, based on the predicted click rate, the image that the user is most likely to click on is added to the page and sent to the user, which avoids the waste of network resources.
The invention relates to an image super-resolution reconstruction method based on convolution neural network, wherein a SRCNN convolution neural network model is trained through a data set to obtain shallow texture feature information; an eight-layer end-to-end neural network model based on feature transfer is established, and the shallow texture feature information is transferred to the first four layers of the neural network model to obtain the model parameters of the first four layers The model parameters of the last four layers of the neural network model are obtained to enhance the learned features; the image data to be reconstructed are input and preprocessed; the high-resolution image of Y channel is obtained; the high-resolution image of Y channel, Cb channel image and Cr channel image are fused to get the reconstructed image. The convolution neural network model proposed by the invention has a better super-resolution result, which is obviously improved both in subjective vision and objective evaluation index, the image clarity and edge sharpness are obviously improved, and the convergence speed is faster. it has a higher advantage in fineness.
The invention relates to an image stitching method for detecting micro-defects on the surface of large-aperture optical crystals, which relates to an image stitching method for micro-defect detection. The invention aims to solve the problem that the image acquisition and defect identification of large caliber crystals take a long time in the current defect detection. First of all, the invention scans the surface area of the large aperture crystal element, and uses the detection microscope and the detection CCD to collect the real-time image of the scanning area, and determines the size range and overlapping area size of a single picture. Then, based on the coordinate system translation transformation method, it realizes the splicing of the collected image and the coordinate transformation of the defect point, and determines the position of each defect point in each image in the global coordinate system. And establish the defect database. The invention is suitable for image stitching for detecting micro-defects on the surface of optical crystals.
The invention provides an operation method and a device, the method is applied to a chip device, and the chip device is used for performing operations. The technical scheme provided in this disclosure has the advantage of low energy consumption.
The invention relates to an information authentication method in a smart home, which comprises the following steps: S1, dividing an exclusive storage area in the server, the exclusive storage area is used for data encryption storage; S2, obtaining the identification information of each member in the home area through the sensor; sending the identification information of each user to the server S3, the server processes all the identification information according to the first preset algorithm to get the identification data set and then deletes the identification information of each user; the server groups the identification data set according to the members; S4. Establish the mapping relationship between each data packet and the corresponding intelligent terminal in the server. S5. When the user requests for authentication, the corresponding user information is obtained through the intelligent terminal, and the authentication information is obtained by processing the user information through the second preset algorithm. Delete the intelligent terminal to obtain the corresponding user information and send the authentication information to the server.
The invention provides a horizontally tilted license plate correction method in a monitoring video, belonging to the technical field of automatic license plate recognition, aiming at correcting the horizontally tilted license plate located in the surveillance video and preprocessing for license plate recognition. The license plate image is obtained from the surveillance video, and each character region is extracted; three straight lines are obtained by fitting the midpoint of the upper edge, the center point and the lower edge of multiple character regions, including the upper edge line, the center line and the lower edge line, and the horizontal tilt angle corresponding to each line is calculated. Finally, the weights of the three lines are calculated according to the fitting error of the lines, the inclination angles of the three lines are fused, the best horizontal tilt angle of the license plate is calculated, and the horizontal correction is carried out. Compared with the prior art, the optimum horizontal tilt angle detected according to the invention has higher accuracy and fast calculation speed, has obvious advantages for the license plate with incomplete frame, and is suitable for the field of license plate correction.
The embodiment of the invention discloses a face recognition method and a device based on a CNN model. In this scheme, the grayscale feature and TT feature of the captured image are extracted respectively, and then several CNN models are used to extract the CNN feature of the grayscale feature image and TT feature image respectively. Using the CNN feature extraction result of the captured image and the CNN feature extraction result of the pre-extracted registered image, the matching score of the collected image and the registered image is obtained, and then the face recognition is carried out. Before using multiple CNN models to extract CNN features, grayscale features and TT features are added. Among them, grayscale features are transformed from RGB images and contain most of the information of the original image, and the increased TT features are robust to light intensity. The TT feature extraction can reduce the impact of illumination on face recognition system and improve the effect of face recognition.
The invention relates to an artificial intelligence queuing system based on indoor positioning, which includes a queuing special cashier area, a locatable shopping cart, an artificial intelligence queuing scheduling server, a wall wireless charging seat and a set-top positioning QR code. The locatable shopping cart includes queuing controller and shopping cart. The queuing controller includes a picture recognition control device, three cameras, a silicone protection display screen, a unitary car lock, a WIFI device, an inertial sensor, an ultrasonic distance sensor and a wireless rechargeable battery; the host part is installed at the handle of the shopping cart. The inertial sensor consists of an accelerometer and a gyroscope and is used for indoor navigation. The set-top positioning two-dimensional code includes a two-dimensional code containing position information and a direction indication arrow for extending three sides of the two-dimensional code; the direction indication arrows are respectively represented by arrows of different lengths; the distance of the adjacent two set-top positioning two-dimensional codes is less than the length and width of the picture of the camera in the direction upward.
The invention discloses a sample labeling method and a device based on multiple models, wherein, the method includes: S1, the updated joint model is obtained by training and updating each sub-model contained in the joint model according to the labeled sample picture and the labeled information of the labeled sample picture in the training sample set. S2, input the unlabeled sample pictures in the training sample set into each sub-model contained in the updated joint model for prediction processing to get the prediction results of each sub-model output; S3, check each other according to the output prediction results of each sub-model, and determine the tagging information of the unlabeled sample pictures according to the verification results; S4, determine whether the updated joint model meets the preset model iteration termination conditions. If not, step S5 is performed to classify the unlabeled sample picture with the determined labeled information as the labeled sample picture in the training sample set, and step S1 is performed. The method of the invention can realize the accurate labeling of unlabeled pictures.
The invention discloses a method and a device for determining lane lines, comprising: identifying each first straight line in a first image and determining each candidate lane line; for each vehicle, according to the coordinates of the first center point and the third center point of the vehicle, determine each target driving line. Taking the intersection of each target driving line and the bottom edge of the first image as a feature point, each target feature point is determined according to each feature point and a preset horizontal distance; for each target feature point, the first distance from the target feature point to each candidate lane line is determined, and the candidate lane line with the smallest first distance is taken as the target lane line. In the embodiment of the invention, according to each target driving line, each target feature point is determined, and the candidate lane line with the shortest first distance from the target feature point to each candidate lane line is taken as the target lane line. There is no need to detect the model, which avoids the problem of missing detection and misdetection in the scene not covered by the sample, and improves the accuracy of determining the lane.
The application provides a wireless door lock interaction method and a door lock system, which is characterized in that: the mobile terminal searches the corresponding first string in the action instruction list for the target action to be performed by the wireless door lock; the mobile terminal uses the first key to encrypt the found first string to get the encrypted ciphertext; the mobile terminal sends the encrypted ciphertext to the wireless door lock through wireless communication. The wireless door lock uses the second key to decrypt the encrypted ciphertext received to obtain the second string, and finds out whether there is an action corresponding to the second string in the action instruction list; if the wireless door lock finds the action corresponding to the second string, it executes the action and feedback the successful execution prompt to the mobile terminal after successful execution. In this way, the mobile terminal can encrypt with many different instructions of a key, which facilitates the management of keys and instructions and improves the user experience.
The invention discloses an image classification method based on a mobile terminal, which adopts a depth neural network to train the classifier and uses the classifier to classify the image. In the training, the weight in the depth neural network model is quantized as an index of 2, which can effectively improve the shift operation of the embedded system, and at the same time dynamically update the quantization codebook, which can effectively reduce the quantization error and improve the prediction performance of the model and the operation efficiency in the mobile state. The invention also provides a system for realizing the method. The invention has obvious compression effect on the deep neural network, can reduce the consumption of storage resources and computing resources of the large-scale deep neural network model, promotes the deployment of the deep neural network on the resource-constrained mobile terminals such as smart phones, and has strong practical applications.
The invention discloses a platinum electrode multi-function sensor. The data processing module is composed of a microprocessor and a memory, and the communication module is a wireless communication module Zigbee. The data acquisition module detects heavy metal ions in the water through the sensor, such as temperature, electrical conductivity, pH value, redox potential, lead ion, and so on. The detection signal is entered into the microprocessor through an AMagar D converter, and the microprocessor filters, fuses and stores the data. The communication module uses wireless communication technology to communicate with the remote control center, and the microprocessor forwards the processed data to the remote control center through the aggregation node. If the water quality index is not within the prescribed range, the alarm circuit alarms. The remote control center queries the abnormal index and makes corresponding processing. The beneficial effect of the invention is that the sensor has high detection accuracy and can realize the water quality detection function.
The invention relates to the technical field of environmental protection and dust reduction, in particular to an intelligent spray system, which comprises a spray control system, a humidity sensing device and an air quality sensing device. the signal output end of the spray control system is connected with the spray loop solenoid valve and the discharge electromagnetic master valve, and the signal output end of the spray loop solenoid valve is connected with the remote pressure meter signal input terminal. The remote pressure gauge signal output terminal is connected with the booster pump signal input terminal, the booster pump signal output terminal is connected with the floating ball liquid level switch signal input terminal, and the floating ball liquid level switch is placed in the water storage tank. The system can start and close intelligently without manual participation. When the dust monitoring system detects the PM2.5 concentration in the air and the ground humidity reaches the early warning value, the sprinkler program can be started automatically.
The utility model discloses a dustproof spray device for underground coal mine, which comprises a mine, a water tank is fixedly installed at the bottom of the inner cavity of the mine, a water pipe is fixedly installed at the top of the water tank, a water pump is fixedly installed at the bottom end of the water pipe, a fixed sleeve is fixedly installed at the top of the mine inner cavity through a connecting block, and the top of the water pipe is fixedly installed with the inner cavity of the fixed sleeve. And the bottom of the water pipe is fixedly equipped with a connecting pipe, the bottom end of the connecting pipe is fixedly equipped with a connecting plate, and the bottom of the connecting plate is fixedly equipped with a spray pipe. The dustproof spray device is used underground in the coal mine, which adjusts different control boxes to make the water pump and solenoid valve turn on and run according to the need, so as to ensure that the clear water in the water tank enters the internal flow of the water conveyance pipe, and enters the inner cavity of the connecting plate through the connecting pipe, and finally sprays outward through the sprinkler, so that the internal dust removal of the mine can be realized quickly and the dust removal effect of the mine can be improved.
The utility model provides an integrated equipment for waste liquid treatment of ferrous chloride hydrochloric acid solution, which in turn comprises an air purification chamber, a drying section, a rotary boiling calciner and a silo from top to bottom. The lower end of the clean air chamber is fixed with the drying section through a connecting flange, the lower end of the drying section is fixed with the rotary boiling calciner through the connecting flange, and the bottom of the rotary boiling calciner is provided with a silo. The integrated equipment for waste liquid treatment of ferrous chloride hydrochloric acid solution of the utility model directly recovers iron oxide and hydrogen chloride gas from the waste liquid of ferrous chloride hydrochloric acid. The product obtained by the utility model is iron oxide, and its product value is much better than that of ferrous chloride crystal, and the integrated equipment can also realize fully closed production, which is good for the environment and improve the utilization rate of waste liquid products.
An air cleaner is provided, which includes an air cleaning module including a first fan and a first motor connected to the first fan in the axial direction And an air flow controller configured to rotate in a vertical direction and adjust the air flow discharged from the first fan, the air flow controller includes a second fan and a second motor axially connected to the second fan, wherein the air flow controller can move from a second position in an inclined vertical state to a first position in a flat state when the air flow controller is in the first position The first motor and the second motor are arranged in the axial direction When the air flow controller is in the second position, the first motor and the second motor are not arranged in the axial direction. The invention can improve the air suction capacity, discharge capacity and purification capacity of the air cleaner, and is convenient for the user to identify the operation information.
The invention discloses a heating device of a circulating air-heated sludge treatment device, which comprises a cylindrical rear cover and a front cover, the front cover is spirally connected in the back cover, and a circular rear retaining ring is formed on the inner wall of the rear cover. A circular front retaining ring is formed on the inner wall of the front cover, a conical guide cylinder is formed at the front end of the front cover, an air outlet pipe is formed at the front end of the front cover guide tube, and an air intake hole is formed at the back end of the rear cover. The rear cover is fixed with an air inlet connected with the air inlet. The rear cover shell is inserted with a conical wind guide cover, the inner wall of the air guide cover is fixed with a heating coil, the bottom end of the air guide cover is fixed with a cover plate, the side of the wind guide cover is formed with a folding edge, and a number of ventilation holes are formed on the folding edge. The air guide cover and the folding edge are covered with a filter net cover, and the hem of the filter net cover and the air guide cover is clamped between the front ring of the front cover and the rear ring of the rear cover. The invention can prevent dust from accumulating on the heating coil, thereby protecting the heating coil and reducing the influence of dust on the heating efficiency.
The utility model relates to an exhaust air monitoring system for epidemic prevention in a closed public space, which meets the needs of epidemic prevention monitoring in a closed public space. The detection system is arranged in the public space with roof and wall, which is characterized in that the roof of the public space is provided with an air exhaust pipe by a suspender, and a number of upper air vents are arranged on the lower side of the air exhaust pipe. The rear end of the air exhaust pipe is connected with an epidemic prevention monitoring section, and the epidemic prevention monitoring section is successively provided with a coarse filter board and a virus collection plug board along the exhaust direction. The rear side of the virus collection and insertion board is provided with a sterilization purification filter device, and the rear side of the sterilization purification filter device is provided with a main exhaust fan. The utility model sets up a virus collection and insertion board for epidemic prevention monitoring at the end of the exhaust pipe in a closed public space, regularly replaces the virus collection and insertion board, and detects the virus on the virus collection and insertion board, so as to monitor the epidemic situation in real time and respond quickly.
The invention discloses a device for on-line detection of atmospheric salt fog content and a detection method thereof. the device comprises a sampling module and an analysis module. the sampling module comprises an absorption liquid storage tank, a reagent storage tank, an air pump, a transfer pump, a sampling bottle, a reaction bottle, a sampling needle and a colorimetric dish, and the air pump is used to extract the atmosphere to the sampling bottle. The transfer pump is used for extracting the absorption liquid from the absorption solution storage box to the sampling bottle, extracting the solution from the sampling bottle to the reaction bottle, and extracting the reagent liquid from the reagent storage tank to the reaction bottle, the colorimetric dish is arranged on the conveyor belt, and the sampling needle can extract all the solution from the reaction bottle and inject it into the colorimetric dish arranged on the conveyor belt. The analysis module includes a spectrophotometer. The invention can reduce the measuring period of atmospheric salt fog content and improve the testing accuracy.
The invention relates to the technical field of kitchen sewage treatment equipment, in particular to a kitchen flexible impurity vortex discharge connection device and a use method thereof. The technical problem to be solved by the invention is that the kitchen pipe is easy to be blocked. In order to solve the above technical problems, the invention provides a kitchen flexible impurity vortex discharge connection device, which comprises a cone head water tank, an inlet pipe is inserted in the openings on both sides of the cone head water tank, an arc angle box is fixedly connected at the top of the cone head water inlet tank, a driving device is arranged in the arc angle box, a vortex manufacturing device is arranged in the cone head water tank, and the bottom of the drive device is fixedly connected with the top of the vortex manufacturing device. The water outlet at the bottom of the cone head water intake tank is connected with the water inlet at the top of the cone head water collecting tank through a drainage mechanism. The diameter of each conical piece on the spiral sheet proposed by the invention is different, which can change the direction of the water flow and form a whirlpool, and after passing through the blade and the debris arranged on it, the soft sundries can be broken up.
The utility model discloses an air filter suitable for a baking workshop, comprising a shell with a hollow cavity, and an air inlet and an air outlet are respectively arranged at both ends of the shell. A coarse filter unit, a fine filter unit and an ultraviolet disinfection unit are arranged in the shell in turn from the air inlet to the air outlet. The ultraviolet disinfection unit includes a guide plate, and a plurality of UV lamp rotation modules are arranged between the guide plates. The UV lamp rotation module includes two UV lamp holders, and the UV lamp holder is detachable and connected through a connecting column. A plurality of UV lamps are also arranged between the two UV lamp holders, and a rotating shaft is arranged on the side of the UV lamp holder away from the UV lamp. A rotating blind hole is arranged on the inner wall of the shell, and a plurality of blades are arranged on the connecting column. The air filter suitable for the baking workshop can make the baking workshop aseptic and dust-free in a real sense, and can put an end to the pollution of food by microorganisms.
The invention discloses a safe and environmental protection treatment system for calcium carbide slag in cement production storage and a treatment process thereof, which solves the problem of acetylene gas accumulation in the calcium carbide slag storage bin by using the replacement method, and uses the high temperature kiln tail gas produced by cement production to heat the gas containing carbide slag dust replaced from the calcium carbide slag storage bin, so that the dry high temperature carbide slag dust gas is filtered through the bag dust collector. The calcium carbide slag is returned to the system for reuse and the environmental protection standard gas is discharged directly, which effectively solves the problem that the calcium carbide slag storage silo is very explosive due to the accumulation of acetylene gas. at the same time, it also solves the problem of blockage of pipes, valves and dust removers in the dedusting system. The invention has the advantages of less land occupation, less investment, high efficiency, safety, energy saving, environmental protection, economic operation and the like.
The utility model provides a magnetic coagulation device, belonging to the field of sewage treatment equipment. The magnetic coagulation device comprises an outer cylinder, an inner cylinder, a driving mechanism, a stirring assembly, an inlet assembly, a sludge reflux pipe and an outlet pipe; the inner cylinder is arranged inside the outer cylinder, and at least one turbulent ring is arranged between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder; the driving mechanism is arranged on the outer cylinder, and the driving mechanism is connected with the transmission shaft penetrated into the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder The stirring assembly is arranged in the inner cylinder and is connected with the transmission shaft, and the stirring assembly includes at least two blades arranged from the top to the bottom; the water inlet assembly includes a connected inlet pipe and a water distribution pipe, and the water distribution pipe is arranged in the inner cylinder and between the blades; the sludge reflux pipe is connected to the inner cylinder and is located under the stirring assembly, and the outlet pipe is connected to the bottom of the inner cylinder. This product can promote the mixture to form large, dense and uniform alum flowers, has good flocculation effect, short treatment period, and improves the treatment efficiency.
The invention discloses a landscape water governance monitoring floating bed capable of remote monitoring, which comprises a plastic floating bed body, a monitor body, a camera, a fixing component, a floating device and a turbine fan. A reinforcing rod is arranged on one side of the inner wall of the plastic floating bed body. The bottom of the reinforcing rod is sheathed with a floating, the floating side is fixed with a hook through a screw, and an inlet hole is arranged at the center of the plastic floating bed body. A sliding trough is arranged on both sides of the inlet hole, and an H-shaped sealing plate is connected inside the sliding trough. The landscape water governance monitoring floating bed which can be remotely monitored has the advantages of simple structure, convenient operation, abandoning the traditional integrated design, and can be installed and disassembled freely, which is beneficial to the maintenance and cleaning of the monitor body, avoiding the monitoring inaccuracy caused by the monitor body for a long time, and the compression spring to provide elasticity. Avoid the damage of the monitor body caused by external impact, which is beneficial to protect the monitor body and prolong the service life of the monitor body.
The invention discloses a biological method for zoobenthos propagation for ecological restoration of water bodies, which comprises the following steps: selecting a co-culture pool and a bait culture pool; selecting mackerel, river clam and bait algae species; drainage and disinfection of the co-culture pond and the bait culture pond; accessing the bait algae species; putting in the oysters and mussels; harvesting; the invention has the advantages of low price, easy to obtain, simple culture and has the working basis for long-term use. It does not use chemicals, does not pollute the environment, is environmentally friendly and can be used for a long time, and does not interfere with and destroy natural resources, which can meet the needs of large-scale clams in the implementation of environmental projects in a relatively short time.
The utility model relates to the technical field of ecological restoration of water environment, and discloses a real-time monitoring device for ecological restoration of urban water environment, which comprises a box body and a water quality monitor. A partition is fixed in the box, and a biaxial motor is arranged on one side of the clapboard. The two output terminals of the biaxial motor run through the side wall of the clapboard and the inner wall of the box body respectively and extend outward, and the box body is provided with spiral blades. And the spiral blade is fixedly connected with one of the output ends of the biaxial motor, the other output end of the biaxial motor is fixedly connected with a worm, and the worm is meshed with a worm gear, and the worm gear is fixedly connected with a rotating shaft, and both ends of the rotating shaft are rotationally connected with the inner walls of the front and rear sides of the box body through bearings, and the rotating shaft is also fixed with a rotating plate, and the bottom of the box body is provided with an opening matching with the rotating plate. The utility model can make water flow in the monitoring process, thereby improving the monitoring range of the water quality monitor and improving the accuracy of the data.
The invention relates to a resource utilization method of excess sludge based on the preparation of high efficiency energy storage electrode materials, belonging to the technical field of environmental pollution control and comprehensive utilization of solid waste. Following the following steps, humic acid is purified from sludge by alkali extraction, graphene oxide suspension is obtained by Hummers method, diluted and treated by ultrasonic, humic acid and graphene oxide are mixed into a mixed solution according to a certain proportion, and continue to be ultrasonic for a period of time, with the participation of reducing agent hydrazine hydrate for 24 hours, and after the reaction is over, the mixed solution is filtered through 0.45 μ m water system membrane. After filtration, the membrane was collected into a petri dish, dried in an 80 ℃ oven, and ground in a bowl to obtain powdered humic acid / graphene composites. The prepared composite material, conductive agent and binder are mixed into electrode paste according to a certain proportion and coated on nickel foam. After drying, it can be used as a working electrode for efficient energy storage. The invention has the advantages of simple operation and green environmental protection, and is an effective method for sludge resource utilization.
The invention relates to an indoor air purification system, comprising a haze removal formaldehyde sterilization module, an ozone treatment module and a control module; wherein, the removal formaldehyde sterilization module is electrically connected with the control module for removing haze particles, formaldehyde and bacteria in the air; the ozone treatment module is electrically connected with the control module for decomposing ozone in the air The control module is used for receiving and processing data and controlling the opening and closing of the removal of formaldehyde sterilization module and the ozone treatment module. The indoor air purification system of the invention makes the haze removal formaldehyde sterilization module carry out haze removal formaldehyde removal, formaldehyde removal treatment or sterilization treatment by adjusting the distance between the negative ion generating unit and the collection board in the haze removal formaldehyde sterilization module, and then remove the ozone produced by the formaldehyde removal sterilization module for sterilization and disinfection treatment, and use the ozone treatment module integrated by the system to decompose the ozone in the air into oxygen In order to avoid residual ozone in the air, causing harm to the body.
The invention discloses a photocatalytic real-time liquid phase adsorption desulfurization method based on Ag/TiO2. Silver ions can reduce the band gap of TiO, thereby stimulating more electrons and holes and producing more free hydroxyl groups. In addition, the water molecules in the fuel can stably maintain the oxidation state of silver ions under photocatalysis and ensure that the active groups of Ag??O??Ti are not destroyed by ultraviolet light. Therefore, the adsorption desulfurization carried out by the method of the invention can effectively solve the problem of water molecules in the fuel, and at the same time, the desulfurization ability of the adsorbent is stronger, the efficiency is higher, and the effect is better.
The invention relates to the technical field of environmental protection and discloses a full coal combustion device of an environmental protection heating furnace, which comprises a heating furnace body, the upper end of the heating furnace body is fixedly installed with a combustion cavity, and the upper surface of the combustion cavity is fixedly installed with an air intake pipe. the lower surface of the air intake tube is fixedly installed with an air pipe, the middle and lower ends of the air pipe are movably equipped with a sealing ring, and an oxygen shell is installed in the lower end of the air pipe. The lower end thread of the oxygen shell is provided with an oxygen outlet. Through the combined use of ventilation pipe, sealing ring, oxygen shell and oxygen outlet, it effectively ensures that when coal is not fully burned in the combustion chamber, the oxygen shell can produce oxygen for carbon monoxide produced by coal to be oxidized into carbon dioxide, avoiding the accumulation of a large amount of toxic carbon monoxide and being breathed into the body by people, resulting in nitric oxide poisoning and protecting people's health.
The utility model discloses a formaldehyde release detection device, belonging to the technical field of formaldehyde detection. One end of the box body is provided with a flip door, the inner surface of the flip door is provided with an insulation layer, the top of the flip door rotates to connect the box, the top of the box is provided with a number of heating devices, and a formaldehyde detector is arranged in the box. A mobile trolley is arranged under the heating device, the bottom of the mobile trolley is provided with a guide rail a, the guide rail b is detachable to connect the guide a, the limited position block an is fixed on the guide a, and the outer surface of the flip door is provided with a display. The beneficial effect of the utility model is that a temperature suitable for formaldehyde release is constructed in a closed and insulated box, and then detected by a formaldehyde detector to determine whether the tested article contains and releases formaldehyde, so as to guide users to take the next step to avoid formaldehyde harm to the body.
The invention relates to a method for preparing composite adsorption microspheres capable of removing mercury ions, including pretreatment of Illite, preparation of cellulose ionic liquid, preparation of Illite-cellulose mixed solution: adding Illite of different quality and corresponding proportion of pore-forming agent to the prepared cellulose ionic liquid and stirring evenly; preparation of Illite-cellulose composite adsorption microspheres; preparation of modified Illite-cellulose composite adsorption microspheres. The invention adopts Illite and cellulose as raw materials, dissolves cellulose through ionic liquids, adds Illite and pore-forming agent to prepare composite adsorption microspheres, and the raw materials are cheap and easy to obtain, non-toxic and harmless, ionic liquids are non-toxic, strong solubility, recyclable and environmentally friendly. Methyl? Methylthio? 2? Nitrovinylamine modified Illite cellulose composite adsorption microspheres introduced sulfhydryl and amine groups into the composite adsorption microspheres, which greatly enhanced the adsorption efficiency of mercury ions.
The invention discloses a kind of alternating Pseudomonas aeruginosa with high flocculating activity, the taxonomic Latin name of the strain is Alteromonas stellipolaris, and the strain number is HM2017??12??002. It has been preserved in the General microbial Preservation Center of the China microbial strain Preservation Committee on November 30th, 2017, and its preservation number is CGMCC NO:14971. The invention discovers for the first time that alternating Pseudomonas aeruginosa has the function of high flocculating activity, and provides a new way for microorganisms to treat sewage.
The utility model discloses a filter element for an air purifier, comprising a filter element body in a transparent state. Both ends of the filter element body are respectively provided with an air inlet and an air outlet, and one end of the filter element body near the air inlet is provided with a filter net. one end close to the air outlet is provided with an activated carbon sponge, and a non-woven filter cotton is arranged between the filter screen and the activated carbon sponge. One end of the activated carbon sponge near the non-woven filter cotton is provided with a light contact medium layer, and one end of the activated carbon sponge near the air outlet is provided with a coconut shell fiber layer. Compared with the prior art, the utility model has the advantages of structural refining, hierarchical filtration, purification and adsorption, and efficient dust removal and deodorization.
A method for restraining the production of sulfur trioxide in high temperature flue gas in a copper smelting process includes the following steps: (1) in the copper smelting process, the flue gas is controlled by ≥ 900℃, and after heat exchange by a waste heat recovery boiler, ≤ 400℃; (2) pyrite and / or chalcopyrite are ground into ore powder; heated to 100m 120 ℃ as an inhibitor (3) when the oxygen volume percentage of the flue gas in the rising flue is more than 3%, nitrogen is used as the carrier gas continuous injection inhibitor to reduce the oxygen content in the flue gas; (4) when the oxygen is less than 0.1%, stop spraying the inhibitor. The method of the invention suppresses the production of sulfur trioxide at the source, controls the amount of air leakage and injects inhibitors, and suppresses the production of sulfur trioxide at the source.
Treatment of radioactive waste containing organic and sulfur-containing and / or halogen-containing compounds. An apparatus includes a reaction container including a filter and a thermal oxidizer for heat treatment of waste. Use co-reactants to reduce gaseous sulfur and halogens from waste treatment.
The invention discloses a preparation method of a compound algaecide with high algae removal rate, belonging to the technical field of algae removal agent preparation. The invention uses the mixture of fly ash and expanded graphite as the carrier, sucrose as the precursor of the outer carbon layer, the adsorption of chitosan and the covering of copper ions to prepare a compound algae remover with visible light catalytic activity, which is worm-like and has good floatability. the algae removal rate of the algaecide is improved, and then under the irradiation of light, the algae can produce oxygen on its surface through photosynthesis and accelerate its death. The decline rate of chlorophyll content of algae continues to accelerate, and accelerate its death, and once again improve the algae removal rate of algaecide. Both chitosan and fly ash have good flocculation ability and adsorption capacity. Because chitosan reacts with hydrochloric acid to form positively charged amino groups, when there are more amino groups, fly ash and expanded graphite are jointly modified by acid solution and magnetite powder to further improve the algae removal rate of algaecide, which has a wide application prospect.
The utility model discloses a real-time air quality monitoring station, belonging to the technical field of environmental monitoring, which comprises a monitoring box body, a solar panel installation frame is arranged on the front of the monitoring box body, and a number of solar panels are installed on the solar panel installation rack. The solar panel is sliding connected with the solar panel installation frame. Ventilation holes are arranged on both sides of the monitoring box, a graded sampler of atmospheric particles is arranged on the top of the monitoring box, a control box is arranged at the bottom of the monitoring box, an air monitoring module is arranged in the monitoring box, a rechargeable battery and a control host are arranged in the control box, and the control host is connected with the rechargeable battery. The control host is provided with a processor, a DTU data transmission module and a storage module connected with the processor. The solar panel is connected with the rechargeable battery, the atmospheric particulate matter graded sampler is connected with the rechargeable battery and the control host respectively, and a roller is installed at the bottom of the control box. The utility model has the advantages of compact structure, mobility and real-time monitoring.
The utility model relates to a case of an explosion-proof gas detector, comprising a main body of the shell, an end cover, a bottom cover, a breathable cover, a flameproof net, a flameproof pressure sheet, an explosion-proof glass and a glass strip; a side interface is formed at the side part of the main body of the shell; a bottom interface is formed at the lower end of the main body of the shell; the side interface between the end cover and the main body of the case is threaded, and the center of the end cover is provided with glass steps. The inner thread of the bottom cover and the bottom interface of the shell body is screwed, and the center of the bottom cover forms a flameproof step; the external thread of the bottom interface of the breathable cover and the casing body is screwed, and the breathable cover covers the outside of the bottom cover; the flameproof net is arranged on the flameproof step, and the flameproof pressure sheet is placed on the upper part of the flameproof net; the explosion-proof glass is placed on the glass step, and the glass strip is pressed on the edge of the explosion-proof glass. The technical scheme has the advantages of high structural strength, high safety, strong reliability, not easy to burst and long service life.
The invention discloses a three-dimensional measurement method of all-weather pollutants in intelligent agriculture, belonging to the technical field of pollution monitoring. the invention proposes a method of using a uniformly distributed UAV to independently rise and fall in the target crop planting area to sample the concentration of the main pollutants contained in the four natural factors of water, soil, atmosphere and night light in the region with the change of height. To a certain extent, it ensures the timeliness and accuracy of the measurement process, avoids the randomness and contingency of pollutant concentration with height or regional variation in different sub-regions, and is beneficial to the intelligent management and control of agricultural planting. The method of the invention can optimize the effective resource allocation of pollutant concentration control and decision-making in the crop planting area, provide guarantee for the healthy growth of crops in the safe concentration environment of multiple pollution sources, and promote the steady development of intelligent agriculture.
The utility model relates to a water purification system, wherein, the water inlet of the front filter is connected with the raw water source, the water outlet is connected with the water inlet of the secondary filter, the water outlet of the secondary filter is connected with the water inlet of the water storage tank, the water outlet of the water storage tank is connected with the water inlet of the RO membrane filter through a booster pump, and the clean water outlet of the RO membrane filter is connected with the water inlet of the rear filter through the adjustable Flowmeter Ⅰ. The outlet of the rear filter is connected with the inlet of the water purification tank. The waste water outlet of the RO membrane filter is connected with the adjustable Flowmeter Ⅱ, the inlet end of the adjustable Flowmeter Ⅲ and the flushing pipe in parallel, the outlet end of the adjustable Flowmeter Ⅱ is connected with the backwater outlet of the water storage tank through a return pipe, and the effluent end of the adjustable Flowmeter Ⅲ is connected with a waste water discharge pipe; the other end of the flushing pipe is connected with the backwater outlet of the water storage tank, and an electric control valve Ⅳ is connected in series on the flushing pipe. The utility model not only greatly improves the utilization rate of raw water, but also ensures that the RO membrane filter is in a better working state.
The utility model discloses a sewage well monitoring device, which relates to the technical field of environmental monitoring. the main points of the technical scheme include a sewage well body, a sewage well cover and a plurality of sensors fixed in the sewage well body. a fixed pillar is arranged on the side wall of the sewage well body along the vertical direction, and the fixed pillar is inserted and connected in the vertical direction. One side of the inserting column passes through from the fixed strut and is connected with a plurality of sensors, and the fixing pillar is provided with a fixed part matching with the inserting post, and the top of the inserting column is provided with a separator driving the fixing part to be separated from the inserting column. When the utility model needs to repair and maintain the sensor, by separating the fixing part from the plug-in column, the utility model can realize the purpose of removing the plug-in column and a plurality of sensors fixed on the plug-in column upward from the fixed pillar, thus achieving the effect of significantly reducing the maintenance difficulty of the sensor in the sewage well.
The utility model relates to a waste gas treatment device for catalytic combustion in a regenerator, which comprises an inverted concave device body. A combustion chamber, a first catalytic combustion unit and a second catalytic combustion unit are arranged inside the device body. The combustion chamber is arranged at the top of the device body, and the bottom end of the combustion chamber is provided with the first catalytic combustion unit and the second catalytic combustion unit. A part of the waste gas enters from the first catalytic combustion unit, is discharged from the first catalytic combustion unit after catalytic combustion, and the other part of the waste gas is entered from the second catalytic combustion unit. After catalytic combustion, it is discharged from the second catalytic combustion unit. The waste gas treatment device for catalytic combustion in the regenerator has the advantages of flameless combustion, fast heating and low energy consumption.
The invention relates to a miniature continuous flow tube reactor with controllable temperature, which comprises a reaction tube, a reaction tube sleeve arranged outside the reaction tube, a funnel arranged at one end of the reaction tube, and a temperature control device connected to the funnel side. Compared with the prior art, the cost of the invention is low, the self-length of the flow tube is only 50mm, the reaction gas can fully collide with the cluster ions, the ion current and ion signal strength are enhanced, the effective temperature control of the flow tube reactor can be realized, the study of the cluster reactivity is simple and effective, and can be combined with mass spectrometry to detect air pollution or be used for trace gas analysis and other fields.
The invention provides a gas detection device for benzene series, which comprises a box body, and the box body is provided with a gas injection unit. the interior of the box body is provided with a gas separation unit, a detection unit, a data acquisition and processing unit, a control unit and a gas carrying unit; the gas separation unit is arranged in an independent separation box. The gas separation unit includes a ten-way valve arranged inside the separation box. In addition, the invention also provides an operation method of the gas detection device for benzene series. The specific combined chromatographic column adopted by the gas detection device of the invention, combined with the ten-way valve with special structure and connection relationship of the invention, is especially suitable for the detection of benzene series in the atmosphere, which can be continuously detected and cleaned without stopping, can be repeated in a relatively short time, avoids the system error caused by the change of the external state, and the detection result is more reliable and the accuracy is higher.
The invention discloses a rotary valve and a regenerative thermal incinerator, wherein the rotary valve comprises an air distribution chamber, including an air chamber body, an air inlet, an air outlet and an air blowing port; the air chamber body is divided into three independent cavities, namely, an air intake cavity, an air outlet cavity and a blowing cavity, the air inlet is connected with the air intake cavity, the air outlet is connected with the air outlet cavity, and the air blowing port is connected with the air blowing cavity; the rotary plate includes a first through hole, a second through hole and a third through hole The driving device is connected with the rotary plate; the rotary plate is placed on the gas distribution chamber, which can exchange gas with the external heat storage assembly through the first through hole, the second through hole and the third through hole, and the rotating plate driven by the drive device rotates on the gas distribution room. the waste gas flows from the air inlet and flows out from the air outlet after combustion, and the air outlet is used to blow out the gas in the gas distribution chamber. The regenerative thermal incinerator comprises a combustion chamber, a heat storage assembly and a rotary valve provided by the invention; the invention provides a rotary valve with good sealing and a regenerative thermal incinerator.
The utility model relates to the technical field of sewage treatment box manufacturing equipment and relates to an iron box body welding device for municipal sewage pretreatment. The welding device comprises a welding torch and a protective mechanism; the welding torch is provided with a strip handle and a nozzle connected with the handle, and the protective mechanism is arranged on the handle; the protective mechanism includes a high temperature resistant fabric and a folding mechanism; the folding mechanism includes a plurality of sets of assemblies and kits; the high temperature resistant protective fabric covers the folding mechanism; the kit includes a sleeve and a locking assembly which can be used to lock the sleeve to the handle. The welding device of the iron box body of the municipal sewage pretreatment can protect the hands of the operators during welding, prevent the high temperature iron filings spattered by welding from spattering on the hands and cause injury, and can save the trouble of wearing gloves.
The invention discloses an evaluation method of sponge city regulation and storage capacity, which relates to a sponge city low impact development evaluation method, which aims to solve the problem that the existing Rain Water low impact development planning method is not convenient to obtain a comprehensive and high quality sponge city Rain Water facility layout plan. The main point of the technical scheme is to decompose the total annual runoff control rate of the planning area into each block through first-order decomposition, second-level decomposition, third-stage decomposition and fourth-stage decomposition. After determining the corresponding design rainfall and comprehensive rainfall runoff coefficient of each plot, the total regulation and storage capacity of the plot can be calculated. According to the total storage capacity required by the plot, it is convenient to plan the Rain Water facility layout of the sponge city, which has the advantages of obtaining a comprehensive and high-quality facility layout scheme of the sponge city Rain Water.
The utility model relates to a dedusting top suction stabilizer for iron outlet of a blast furnace and a dedusting device. The top suction stabilizer is installed on one end of the top suction pipe located in the dust removal chamber. The top suction tube includes an air intake channel arranged along its axial direction and connected with the top suction pipe, an upper air suction port is arranged on the upper side wall of the top suction tube, and a lower air suction port is formed at the bottom. The upper air suction port is communicated with the air intake channel or the top suction pipe, and the lower air suction port is connected with the air intake channel. The top suction stabilizer of the utility model divides the air suction into two parts, which is equivalent to moving the air suction to the dust removal chamber and divided into the upper and lower air suction, and the lower air suction directly absorbs the iron mouth smoke and dust, the upper air suction absorbs the gas with higher temperature in the dedusting room and the dust escapes from the lower air suction which is not completely captured, and the total suction volume is the same as the actual air suction, which can effectively avoid the airflow disorder in the dust removal room and the diffusion of smoke. Make the smoke and dust flow stably in the dedusting room.
The invention relates to an ozone treatment method for pig farm sewage used for microalgae breeding. The method comprises the following steps: step S1, ozone decolorization and sterilization in the primary ozone processor: step S2, secondary treatment using recovered ozone in the secondary ozone aeration processor: step S3, ozone removal in the three-stage air aeration processor. Its advantages are shown in. The invention provides a pig farm sewage ozone treatment method for microalgae breeding, which has the advantages of high ozone utilization rate, good sewage treatment effect, no ozone residue and obvious improvement of sewage transparency after treatment, and can be directly used for microalgae culture.
The invention discloses an automatic monitoring and early warning system for VOCs concentration in a liquid cargo port area, which comprises a single chip microcomputer, a number of VOCs monitoring devices, a wireless communication module, a server, a display, a first memory, a second memory and an early warning device; the single chip microcomputer is electrically connected with a communication module, a display, a first memory and an early warning device, and the detection host is connected with the single chip microcomputer through the wireless communication module The server is connected with the single-chip microcomputer through the wired network or the wireless network, and the server is electrically connected with the second memory. The invention realizes the automatic monitoring and early warning of the VOCs concentration in the liquid cargo port area, and has high maneuverability; the user terminal is respectively connected with the single-chip microcomputer and the server, thereby improving the timeliness of the early warning system; cleaning the gas detection sensor probe, improving the sensitivity of the gas detection sensor probe, and monitoring more accurately.
The invention provides a method for efficiently repairing heavy metal ions in wetland soil, including the following steps: 1) cultivation of microorganisms: cultivation of the microorganisms through the following processes: sampling, culture in culture medium, isolation and screening of target bacteria; 2) setting of water pipeline 3) landfill of the adsorbent: the adsorbent was evenly mixed according to the mass ratio of coriander extract: modified attapulgite: lignosulfonate at 2:5:1, put into the adsorbent holding chamber, buried into the soil with the spray pipe; 4) spray. The method for efficiently repairing heavy metal ions in wetland soil is simple to operate, and the raw materials are easy to obtain, and the cultivated microorganisms are released into the soil to carry out microbial remediation of metal ions. At the same time, the adsorbent absorbs and enriches the metal ions in the soil, improves the treatment effect of metal ions, and the adsorbent is green and environmentally friendly, and has strong adsorption capacity for metal ions.
The invention provides an internal combustion engine system comprising:-a compressor (3) arranged as compressed air;-at least one combustion chamber (4), at least one of which is arranged to receive compressed air And an exhaust processing device (8) arranged to handle exhaust generated by at least one of the at least one combustion chamber (4)-characterized in that the system includes a heat exchanger (6) arranged to receive compressed air from the compressor (3) before reaching at least one of the at least one combustion chamber (4) And the heat exchanger (6) is arranged to transfer heat from the compressed air to the exhaust treatment device (8).
The utility model relates to the technical field of air purification, in particular to a filter element for a smoke purifier; the technical proposal adopted is as follows: a filter element for a smoke purifier comprises an N layer filter layer, the filter layer is cylindrical in the middle pass, and the N layer is an even number greater than 2, and the N layer filter layer forms two Nhand filter units, and the filter unit is fixedly connected by two adjacent filter layers. By fixedly connecting the filter layers adjacent to each two layers, the utility model reduces the space occupied by the filter layer during production, reduces the storage space occupied by the filter layer during production, and reduces the production cost of the filter layer. At the same time, when assembling the filter element, the times of setting or inserting the filter layer can be reduced, and the assembly efficiency of the filter element can be improved.
The utility model discloses a sludge dewatering device, which relates to the technical field of sludge dewatering device. The utility model comprises a body, a heating wire is fixed inside the body, a first rotating shaft is fixed inside the body, a first threaded rod is fixed in the inner ring of the first rotating shaft, a threaded pipe is connected on the outside of the first threaded rod, and a splint is fixed on one side of the threaded tube. the inner ring of the splint is fixed with a first telescopic rod, one end of the first telescopic rod is fixed with a positioning hook, a second telescopic rod is fixed inside the splint, and a positioning groove is fixed on one side of the second telescopic rod. One side of the positioning groove is provided with a chute, and the inside of the chute is sliding connected with a slider. Through the function of the filter screen, the device uses the filter screen and the heating wire to make the sludge dewatering with higher efficiency, and the device is convenient to be removed from the inside of the body, and the internal sludge is removed after the filter screen is removed. it is also more convenient for subsequent cleaning of the filter screen to prevent the occurrence of sludge clogging the filter mesh.
The invention belongs to the field of remediation of heavy metal pollution in a polluted environment, and discloses a process for preparing modified SDS nanometer zero-valent iron, which is characterized in that the process comprises the following steps: step 1) preparation of compound bacterial liquid, step 2) preparation of SDS nano-zero-valent iron, step 3) preparation of modified nano-zero-valent iron. The invention has the advantages of convenient operation and low cost.
The invention discloses a method for measuring soil suction using light reflection theory, which mainly comprises: (1) using light reflection theory to measure soil saturation to distinguish dry soil from wet soil, and wet soil to proceed to the next step; (2) selecting saturation from soil-water characteristic curve; (3) selecting dry density from measured compaction curve (4) in the mold, the soil is compacted to the dry density and corresponding saturation selected in step (3), and the camera is used to take pictures; (5) the gray level is used to quantify the image obtained in step (4) according to the gray value; (6) the change of average gray value is analyzed to find out the relationship between saturation and gray value. The invention is a novel, direct, non-intrusive and low-cost color analysis technology, which is applied to roadbed, fill liner, earth dam and the like of canal dike, highway and aircraft runway. It avoids the limitation of suction instruments usually used to measure agricultural land and geotechnical infrastructure, and improves the scope of application.
The invention provides a method and a device for energy saving and emission reduction of waste gas / pollutants from a coking enterprise, which relates to air pollution control technology and the technical field of the coking industry. Through the coke oven coal charging, coke discharge and chemical process waste gas gradient utilization in the coke oven combustion chamber as combustion-supporting air, the invention reduces the emission of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and environmental odor gas; at the same time, the coke oven dry flue gas quenching combined with coke airtight transportation technology is adopted to solve the problem of unorganized emission pollution in the coke transportation process of the traditional process. The invention provides a system depth control method, which reduces the amount of waste gas and the discharge of conventional / unconventional pollutants from coking enterprises, and utilizes the latent heat of waste gas and combustion-supporting gas components economically, reasonably and efficiently at the same time. The environmental benefit is similar to that of enterprises in reducing production capacity.
The invention relates to a treatment process suitable for high ammonia nitrogen dispersed domestic sewage. The high ammonia nitrogen domestic sewage first homogenizes through a regulating pool and flows into a circulating biological reaction zone composed of an aerobic decarbonization zone, an anoxic denitrification zone and a superoxide nitrification zone. After repeated cyclic treatment, the effluent is finally treated by the sedimentation zone. Nitrifying bacteria and decarbonized heterotrophs grow in superoxygen zone and aerobic zone, which reduces the competition between them. There is no need to install a stirring reactor, and the hydraulic drive needed in the circulating biological reaction zone is provided by the air lift caused by strong aeration in the superoxide nitrification zone. The sewage passes through superoxide. Aerobic? Anoxic cycle for many times to realize nitrification of ammonia nitrogen and removal of organic matter. Compared with the prior art, the invention has the advantages of strong nitrification capacity, efficient and intensive process, simple operation and maintenance, etc., and can efficiently treat high ammonia nitrogen dispersed domestic sewage and realize the resource utilization of nitrogen and phosphorus in dispersed sewage.
The invention relates to a gastric Helicobacter pylori specific molecular marker and a detection kit thereof, and the kit is based on PCR?? The reverse dot hybridization method was used to specifically detect Helicobacter pylori in gastric mucosa, gastric juice, feces and pharyngeal swabs. The target group of Helicobacter pylori specific molecular marker in this stomach is urease ureH gene. This kit greatly improves the sensitivity of clinical detection of Helicobacter pylori, and can carry out non-invasive screening of Helicobacter pylori infection, especially in the elderly and children, so that it can be detected and treated early; in addition, in the detection of other Helicobacter pylori genes such as cag, vec and other drug resistance genes, it can be used as a positive reference to monitor all the processes of genome extraction, PCR and hybridization of other genes.
The invention discloses a fluorescent probe ruthenium complex, a synthesis method and an application thereof. Aldehyde group? The strong electron-absorbing aldehyde group was introduced into the 5-position of o-phenanthroline and coordinated with metal ruthenium to obtain a six-coordinated ruthenium complex, which was used as a fluorescence probe for the detection of cysteine and homocysteine. This probe showed high sensitivity and selectivity for cysteine and homocysteine. In the presence of other interfering substances, the fluorescence intensity has no obvious change, showing a strong interference ability. The probe has a fast response, a wide range of pH applications, and does not need to add organic solvents. It can be used to detect the ruthenium complex fluorescence probe of cysteine and homocysteine in 100% aqueous phase.
The invention relates to a medical care cart, in particular to a medical care cart which is convenient to take and put objects. The object of the invention is to provide a convenient medical care cart for placing medical items, which can be moved and adjusted, and can reduce the burden of medical staff. The technical scheme is as follows: a medical care trolley which is convenient to pick up and put objects is provided with a base, a universal wheel, a connecting plate, a long connecting shaft, a roller, a first supporting plate, a second supporting plate, a table plate, a Y-shaped plate, a first round rod, a second round rod, etc.; the top of the base is provided with a large groove, and the left end of the bottom of the base is connected with a universal wheel. The invention provides a medical care cart which is convenient to pick up and put items, which can move and adjust the parts and components of the medical articles, facilitates the medical personnel to take and put the medical articles, and reduces the burden of the medical staff.
The utility model belongs to the technical field of orthopedic clamping device, in particular to an orthopedic clinical multi-purpose clamping device, which comprises a connecting shell, the left side of the connecting shell is fixedly connected with a connecting cylinder, and a first through hole is arranged on the connecting casing. A second through hole is arranged on the connecting shell, and the position of the first through hole corresponds to the position of the second through hole, and the first through hole and the second through hole are both provided with the same connecting rod. The connecting shell is fixedly connected with a fixing sleeve The utility model controls the setting of the handle, the connecting rod, the turbine, the connecting piece and the clamping piece, etc., when in use, the connecting rod rotates through the control handle, and the connecting rod drives the worm to rotate, and the worm drives the turbine and the connecting part to rotate around the pin shaft, so as to drive the movement of the clamping piece, and the bone plate can be clamped and fixed under the action of the clamping part, and there is no need to support with the hand after the clamping is finished. The utility model reduces the workload of medical staff and is easy to use.
The utility model discloses an orthopedic nursing dressing changing device, which comprises a skateboard, the top of the skateboard is welded with a limited position plate, the bottom of the skateboard is provided with a groove, the inner wall of the groove is sliding connected with a fixed plate, and the top of the fixed plate is welded with a butt column. the two sides of the butt column are provided with a slide groove, the inner side of the slide slot is connected with a ring plate, the top of the ring plate is bonded with nano-tape, and the side of the ring plate is provided with a card slot. The bottom of the fixing plate is equipped with a first supporting rod, the outside of the first supporting rod is sliding connected with a second supporting rod, the front of the second supporting rod is clamped with a nail, the bottom of the second supporting rod is equipped with a universal wheel, and the outside of the universal wheel is connected with a brake pad. the utility model increases the flexibility in the use of the device through the arranged skateboard, the first supporting rod and the annular plate It solves the problems that the lack of flexibility reduces the comfort of the larger patients when changing the dressing, and it takes time for the patients to fix the injured site after changing the dressing.
The invention relates to an examination seat, in particular to a gynecology and obstetrics examination seat. Therefore, the technical problem of the invention is to provide a gynaecology and obstetrics examination seat which can assist a patient to stretch his legs. Technical proposal: a gynecology and obstetrics examination seat includes a support, a right swing seat, a left swing seat, a right curved slide rail, a mobile device, a right orifice plate, a right nut, a right screw, a seat, a left orifice plate, etc. A support is connected above the middle of the rear side of the seat, the left middle of the support is connected with the left swing seat, the right middle of the support is connected with the right swing seat, and the rear left part of the left swing seat is rotationally connected with a left curved slide. the lower part of the left curved slide rail is rotationally connected with a left orifice plate. The invention allows medical staff to turn the rotating handle clockwise or counterclockwise, which can open and close the legs of obstetrics and gynaecology patients, so as to facilitate doctors to better examine and treat obstetrics and gynaecology patients, and to facilitate gynecology and obstetrics patients to put down their legs after examination.
The invention belongs to the technical field of analytical chemistry and relates to a relative / absolute quantitative method of glycoprotein spectrum, in particular to a mass spectrometry multi-reaction monitoring quantitative glycoprotein method based on glycoprotein non-glycopeptide, which includes: enriching the glycoprotein in the sample by hydrazine chemical method, releasing the non-glycopeptide of glycoprotein by protease, using chromatography? The non-glycopeptides were identified by mass spectrometry, and the standard peptides suitable for MRM quantification were synthesized, then the retention time, energy and mother-child ion pairs of these peptides were optimized by mass spectrometry, and the corresponding database was established, and the peptides can be used for the absolute / relative quantification of glycoproteins in the samples. The method of the invention has the advantages of simple steps, convenient operation, high speed and high efficiency, and can realize the rapid and accurate quantification of glycosylated single protein / sugar proteome.
The invention provides a medical analysis device and a cell analysis method, which can capture multiple types of cancer cells, including cancer cells that do not express EpCAM. The invention relates to a medical analysis device with a hole part having a hydrophilic polymer layer formed at least partially on the inner surface thereof, and the hydrophilic polymer layer having fibronectin adsorbed thereon.
The utility model relates to a structure-fitted transcatheter aortic valve implantation device. The invention discloses an aortic valve implantation device which is transported through a catheter and is not simply fixed by friction. The device is provided with a plurality of supporting arms in the middle part of the tube, which is in a D shape after being fully opened, and is fixed between the narrowest part of the aorta near the heart and the narrowest part above the aortic valve annulus to achieve a full fit between the outer surface of the supporting arm and the surrounding tissue. The supporting arm includes three landing areas and two curved parts, which can accurately control the valve to be released in the position of the aortic valve ring. It avoids the existing adverse events caused by friction fixation, so as to better solve the aortic valve disease.
The invention discloses a method and a system for judging whether digestive endoscope examination is stained or not. the method comprises the following steps: obtaining continuous video frames collected in real time during the operation of digestive tract endoscope; based on the pre-trained staining action recognition model, to judge whether there is dyeing action. If there is a dyeing action, the video frame corresponding to the dyeing action is input into the pre-trained dyeing category recognition model to judge the corresponding dyeing category of the dyeing action. The invention can intelligently judge whether staining is carried out in the process of endoscopic examination and record it automatically, and give a hint to the doctor.
The invention provides an uterine cavity compression negative pressure hemostatic expansion balloon, which comprises a first balloon, a drainage block, a first drainage catheter, a second drainage catheter, a drainage bag, a third drainage catheter, an intake pipe, a filter screen, a first valve, a first one-way valve, a connector, a second one-way valve, an air bag and a connecting pipe. The hemostatic assembly includes a second balloon, a fluid injection tube, a shunt tube, a drainage pipe, a second valve and a third one-way valve. The drainage block is installed inside the first balloon, the top of the drainage block is provided with a drainage hole, and the side of the drainage block is provided with a through hole. The first drainage tube is connected to one side of the drainage block, one end of the connecting pipe is connected to one side of the first drainage tube, and the other end of the connecting pipe is connected with the other end of the second drainage tube. The other end of the second drainage catheter is connected with the top of the drainage bag, and the uterine cavity compression negative pressure hemostatic expansion balloon has the effect of stopping bleeding and preventing uterine adhesion by setting drainage components and hemostatic components.
The invention discloses a screening method and a kit for early non-small cell lung cancer. The method is as follows: keratinase protein (YKL??40) combined with cytokeratin 19 (CYFRA21??1) and carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) triple detection are used to screen early non-small cell lung cancer. Through the above method, the invention can improve the accuracy of predicting early non-small cell lung cancer.
The invention discloses a liquid-based thin-layer cell clip, belonging to a vertical film-making clip for a centrifugal liquid-based thin-layer cell making machine, which aims to provide a liquid-based thin-layer cell clip, which can reduce the cells on the glass slides to flow out with water, thus ensuring the collection of cells on the glass slides. the main points of the technical proposal are that a baffle is arranged between the inner wall of the lower end of the settling tube, and the lower end of the baffle conflicts with the slide. The baffle is arranged near the center of the machine, and the length of the baffle is less than the diameter of the settling tube, the baffle divides the space formed by the settling tube and the glass slide into a cell sedimentation area and a water absorption area, and the cell sedimentation area is arranged near the central position of the machine. The upper end of the baffle is provided with a moving plate on the same plane as the baffle, one end of the mobile plate is hinged with the inner wall of the settling tube, and the other end is in conflict with the inner wall of the settling tube. The moving plate is provided with a tension spring above the cell sedimentation area, and the settling tube is arranged with absorbent cotton on the inner wall of the water absorption area.
The invention relates to an image processing technology and provides an image processing method, an electronic device and a storage medium. By adding a mask layer to the original image, calculating the maximum magnification of the target object, converting the original image into the first preset object and adding the overlay layer, the method calculates the coordinate information of the center point of the target object in the first preset object, moves the magnification window of the overlay layer to the position of the coordinate information, and constructs the second preset object based on the mask layer. The attribute information of the sub-target object corresponding to the target object is converted into the data of the preset format and filled into the collection of the second preset object, and the preset magnification window is enlarged according to the collection of the second preset object after filling the data. The invention can avoid the user waiting for loading for a long time due to the large amount of original image data. In addition, the invention also relates to image recognition technology and block chain technology in artificial intelligence, and the invention can be applied to the field of intelligent medicine, thereby promoting the construction of an intelligent city.
The utility model relates to a waste treatment device for alternating cold and hot ablation equipment, which comprises a collecting mechanism connected with the cold fluid outlet and hot fluid outlet of the cold and hot alternating ablation device, a regenerative heat exchange mechanism whose inlet is connected with the collection mechanism, an discharge mechanism connected with the outlet of the regenerative heat exchange mechanism, and a heating mechanism connected with or adjacent to the regenerative heat exchange mechanism. The heat dissipation mechanism is connected with or adjacent to the regenerative heat exchange mechanism. The waste treatment device of the utility model can reduce the possibility of frostbite or scald of the discharged cold fluid and hot fluid.
The invention discloses a guide partition type medical device storage device, which comprises a support installation plate, the upper end edge of the support installation plate is vertically provided with a storage installation side plate, and the lower end of the receiving installation side plate is horizontally provided with a support partition plate. The middle position of the support partition plate is horizontally embedded with a partition guide groove, and three groups of partition guide columns are arranged horizontally in the interior of the partition guide groove. The lower side of the support partition board is embedded with a guide positioning partition receiving structure, which includes a guide moving stud arranged horizontally with the lower side of the partition guide groove, and a number of guide mounting cylinders are arranged on the horizontal movement stud between the support clapboard and the support mounting plate. The invention has the advantages of compact structure design, novel transmission structure and smooth operation process. It has the advantages of scientific storage process and comprehensive protection of medical devices.
The invention discloses a protein function prediction model generation method and device and a protein function prediction method and device. The protein function prediction model generation method includes: obtaining the amino acid sequence characteristic matrix of the training protein; obtaining the first characteristic matrix based on the amino acid sequence characteristic matrix of the training protein; the first characteristic matrix corresponds to the interaction site in the amino acid sequence of the training protein The protein function prediction model is obtained by training the pre-constructed initial model according to the data tags corresponding to the first feature matrix and the first feature matrix. The amino acid sequence characteristic matrix contains the deep characteristics of the amino acid sequence of the training protein, avoids the ambiguity of the surface characteristics of the amino acid sequence, and can express the functional characteristics of the training protein more accurately. In addition, the interference of the amino acid residues in the amino acid sequence which has nothing to do with the protein interaction ability to the protein function prediction is eliminated, thus the prediction accuracy and accuracy are improved.
The utility model relates to a collagen thread implantation device, which comprises a connecting cylinder and a puncture needle; the piston slides in the connecting cylinder, and the movable rod connects the puncture needle and the piston; the first elastic part connects the piston and the connecting cylinder; the connecting piece is rotated and connected with the piston; the push rod is arranged on the connecting piece and is connected with the pressing part; the puncture needle is also provided with a spiral groove, and the collagen thread is wound on the puncture needle along the spiral groove. The second elastic member is connected with the first limiting member and the connecting cylinder; the positioning part is arranged on the first limiting member, and the connecting part is correspondingly provided with a top block; the arc guide rod is arranged in the second limiting slot; the second limiting member is slidably connected with the arc guiding rod; the third elastic member is connected with the second limiting member and the connecting cylinder; the retaining strip is transversely arranged in the connecting cylinder and connected with the second limiting member, and the connecting piece is correspondingly provided with a retaining block. The invention has the advantages of simple operation, convenient use, smoother penetration and extraction of the puncture needle, faster implantation speed of the collagen thread, better implantation effect, and effectively reduces the pain of the needle recipient.
An antimicrobial lubricant (60) coated on the outer surface of the guide needle (50) as part of the catheter assembly device (10). The catheter assembly device also includes a gap blood control diaphragm (20) passing through the guide needle through the gap (26). After the catheter is inserted, when the needle is removed from the gap, the antimicrobial lubricant is brushed or removed from the outer surface of the guide needle. The removed antimicrobial lubricant is deposited near the gap on the diaphragm, thereby preventing pathogens from colonizing and growing on other adjacent components and surfaces of the diaphragm and catheter assembly devices.
The invention prepares a high density lipoprotein cholesterol detection kit with strong anti-interference ability. the significance lies in providing a high density lipoprotein cholesterol detection kit with enhanced stability and anti-interference ability, convenient storage and transportation, high accuracy and precision. The kit of the invention is a liquid double reagent in vitro detection kit, and the reagent is mainly composed of reagent R1 and reagent R2. Based on the traditional formula, the reagent is qualitatively changed by introducing substances such as chloroform, protamine sulfate, tetradecyl betaine, mannitol and glycerol into the reagent, so that the reagent has stronger stability and anti-interference ability.
The utility model discloses a nursing device for obstetrics and gynecology, which comprises a bed frame and an adjusting tube, the top end of the bed frame is fixedly provided with a buttock plate, and the lower part of the connection between the bed frame and the hip plate is provided with an infusion frame. the bottom end of the infusion frame is provided with a fixed block through bonding, the interior of the infusion frame is provided with a telescopic inner tube through clamping connection, and one end of the infusion frame is fixedly arranged with an inner plate. One side of the inner plate is provided with a spring clip block, the outer surface of the inner plate is wrapped with an outer plate, an infusion frame is arranged at the connection between the bed frame and the buttock plate, and the interior of the infusion frame is also provided with a telescopic inner tube. it is realized that the height of the infusion frame can be adjusted by telescopic inner tube according to the requirements of patients, and the infusion frame is rotated and fixed, so that it is simple and convenient to receive and use. It can reduce the space occupied by the infusion frame, reduce the hindrance of the infusion frame to the patients, and solve the problem that the infusion frame is not easy to receive.
The present disclosure provides a system and method for controlling a surgical tool of a robot system during autonomous movement of the tool. The moving path of the surgical tool is determined. At least one acceptable orientation of the surgical tool relative to the path is generated. The surgical tool moves autonomously along the path in the at least one acceptable orientation. The force applied to the surgical tool is sensed. Identify the changed orientation based on the perceived force. The surgical tool moves autonomously along the path in response to comparing the changed orientation with the at least one acceptable orientation.
The invention discloses a sleeve type three-cavity two-capsule tube traction device, which comprises a casing part and a traction part. the casing part comprises a U-shaped bed plate clamp, a first bolt, an angle limit plate, a second bolt, a main rod, a first set of rods, a first set of rods, a second pin shaft, a supporting frame and a third set of rods; the traction part includes a pulley bracket, a pulley mounting shaft, a pulley, a counterweight, a traction wire and a Velcro. The invention adopts a pure mechanical structure and is convenient for operation, and the casing part at the bottom of the bed can be pulled out with the traction part before use, and the casing part can be recovered to the bottom of the bed after use, which does not occupy other space, and is safe and reliable. save time for rescuing patients.
The invention discloses a microcirculation repair system with biofeedback function. The output end of the computer system is connected with the input end of the pulsed magnetic field output module. The output end of the pulsed magnetic field output module is connected with the input end of the coil. The coil is in contact with the human body, and at least a cardioelectric module, a blood oxygen module and a blood perfusion module are connected between the human body and the computer system. In that invention, the system collects bioelectric signals such as ECG, EEG, blood oxygen and blood perfusion of the human body, and comprehensively analyzes the human electrical signals through an expert system, aiming at different diseases, outputs pulsed electromagnetic field signals of corresponding frequencies and amplitudes, makes them act on the human body, analyzes the collected electrical signals in real time, and constantly fine-adjusts the output pulsed electromagnetic field signals. Make it form a high resonance with human blood cells, and then improve the membrane potential of blood cells, increase blood flow rate, and promote blood circulation.
The invention discloses a two-photon fluorescence material benzoxazolyl pyridine salt and a preparation method and application thereof. The two-photon fluorescence material benzoxazolyl pyridine salt is a water-soluble two-photon induced fluorescence material with low toxicity and good membrane penetration. It can be used in two-photon fluorescence confocal microscopic imaging. The structural formula of two-photon fluorescent material benzoxazolyl pyridine salt is as follows:
The proposed eye patch is used to cover at least part of an eye and protect it from mechanical, climatic and / or electromagnetic radiation. The eye mask includes a shell made of bending material covering the eye and its surroundings, and a sensor unit It includes a position sensor and / or a motion sensor that continuously collects motion data and / or position data of the blindfold, a microcontroller that processes the output signal of the position sensor and / or the motion sensor, a data interface designed for wireless two-way communication, and an electric energy memory that at least provides electric energy to the microcontroller and the data interface. A method for continuously detecting head motion data and / or position data through such an eye mask and a data processing device is also proposed. The data processing apparatus includes at least one computer unit for data processing, at least one monitor for visualizing the processed data, and at least one data interface designed for wireless two-way communication.
The utility model relates to an intelligent dressing change bottle rack for nursing, comprising a power distribution box, wherein a limit plate is fixed equidistant on the outside of the distribution box, and the bottom of one end of the limit plate is connected with a supporting leg through a damping spring, and the leg and the limiting plate are connected by a hinge shaft. By setting a ceramic winding wheel, the ceramic winding wheel can wind and store the infusion pipe, which is convenient to adjust the length of the infusion pipe. The heating pipe can heat the heat conducting oil, which can evenly transfer heat to the ceramic shell, and can evenly heat the liquid in the inner cavity of the infusion tube wound on the outside of the ceramic winding wheel. it can prevent the patient from discomfort caused by too cold weather and too cool liquid, and the turntable can be rotated by setting the disc, and the position of the hanging bottle can be adjusted. When it is necessary to change the dressing, adjust the hanging bottle storage sleeve containing the hanging bottle to the top of the ceramic winding wheel and manually insert the infusion tube into the hanging bottle inside the hanging bottle storage sleeve to facilitate the dressing change.
The invention provides a red blood cell membrane coated ultra-small molecule SPN nanomaterial and a preparation method and application thereof. The designed and synthesized organic semiconductor polymer material SP has good photothermal conversion efficiency and low biotoxicity. The ultra-small nanoparticles SPN synthesized by coprecipitation method has a deep penetration depth in the tumor site and can be metabolized rapidly in the body, which avoids the potential side effects caused by slow metabolism. By coating a layer of erythrocyte membrane on its surface, it can not only improve the biocompatibility of nanomaterials, but also prolong the circulation time of nanomaterials in vivo, and then improve the enrichment of nanomaterials in tumor sites. Through the organic integration of the above functions, the integration of photothermal therapy and photoacoustic imaging of tumor can be realized efficiently.
The invention provides a compound based on the structure of hydrazide in rhodamine and a preparation method and application thereof. Wherein, the structural formula of the compound is as follows: the compound based on the hydrazide structure of rhodamine can detect Pd, and is universal, that is, the strategy can be applied to the problem of metal ions in living cells detected by the hydrazide structure of rhodamine. Fluorescent probe shows many advantages in the detection of Pd, such as high response ratio and good selectivity, and has been successfully applied to the confocal fluorescence imaging of living cells. it is a new imaging tool, which provides new ideas and strategies for the development of metal ion fluorescent probes in the future. It has good practical application value.
The invention discloses a driving steady urine collection device, which comprises a liquid storage tank, a first buoy, a second buoy, a wedge drive block, a drainage plate, a support plate and a roller; the support plate is installed in the left chamber; one end of the support plate is fixed on the separator; the support plate is parallel installed under the drainage plate; the support plate is provided with a rolling groove; and the lower end of the drainage plate is installed with a roller through a connecting shaft The drainage plate is rolled and connected in the rolling groove of the support plate through a roller. The drainage plate of the invention not only carries out sliding clamping through the card interface on the separator, but also the drainage plate is rolled and connected in the rolling groove of the support plate through the bottom roller, thus realizing the steady movement of the drainage plate and strengthening the stable driving performance of the structure.
The invention discloses a rib marking method, a device, a device and a training method of an image segmentation model, wherein, the rib marking method includes: obtaining an image to be identified; the image to be identified includes a CT image; inputting the image to be identified into an image segmentation model to obtain a segmentation result; the segmentation result includes a rib segmentation result and a rib centerline segmentation result The ribs are sorted and marked based on the segmentation results. The invention can better deal with the adhesion and fracture of ribs, and quickly sort and mark each rib.
A microscope (2) includes a coherent light source (4) for generating a coherent beam (7), a beam guiding system (6) configured to divide the coherent beam (7) into a reference beam (7a) and a beam splitter (14) of the sample illumination beam (7b), and a sample holder (18) configured to hold the sample (1) to be observed. A sample illumination device (28) configured to guide the sample illumination beam (7b) through the sample and into the microscope objective (37); a beam concentrator (16) configured to reaggregate the reference beam and the sample illumination beam after passing through the sample to be observed; and a light sensing system (8) configured to capture at least the phase and intensity values of the coherent beam downstream of the beam aggregator.
The invention discloses a protective device for an operation microscope, which can prevent blood or contaminants from spattering on the face of medical staff or eyepiece lenses through the arrangement of a first protective plate and a second protective plate, which is equivalent to moving the protective screen worn in front of the face by the doctor to the equipment behind the eyepiece, which can make the doctor's eyes very close to the present, and can clearly observe the operation area at close range. Provide accurate observation location, at the same time well block the spatter spread of the media, and protect the life, health and safety of medical staff. The setting of the buckle mechanism is convenient to combine the microscope equipment of different structures, and the first protection plate and the second protection plate can be fastened to the mirror body quickly, and the removal is convenient and the protection effect is good.
The invention discloses a YM45 protein of Tenebrio Molitor, a gene encoding the protein, and the application of YM45 protein and its coding gene of Tenebrio Molitor. YM45 protein is a sensitizing protein of Tenebrio Molitor which can cause human allergy. The amino acid sequence of the YM45 protein of the Tenebrio Molitor of the invention is shown as shown in SEQ ID NO:1; the nucleotide sequence of the gene encoding YM45 protein of the invention is shown as shown in SEQ ID NO:2. The invention discloses a specific sensitizing protein of Tenebrio Molitor and its coding gene for the first time, which can realize the cultivation of unsensitized Tenebrio Molitor. Through the amino acid sequence and corresponding gene sequence of the allergenic protein, the sensitized protein of other resource insects can be inferred, which can reduce the risk of the development and utilization of insect-derived protein food caused by the potential allergenicity of insect protein to a certain extent.
The invention relates to a qualitative and quantitative detection method based on dried blood spot samples, which is characterized in that the sample is pretreated by dry blood spot method and detected by high performance liquid chromatography / mass spectrometry. The invention does not need a large amount of blood collection, less invasiveness, no centrifugal separation of blood, short operation time, little interference and low detection limit by blood-borne viruses such as HIV, hepatitis B and hepatitis C. and dry blood spots allow the sample to be stably transported and stored at room temperature, which is convenient for reexamination outside the sampling place or at other times.
The invention relates to the technical field of magnetic resonance imaging, in particular to a fixed structure of a superconducting magnet and a coil thereof. The fixed structure includes a winding frame, a wire slot is arranged around the wire, and the wire slot is used for holding the coil assembly; the limiting structure is arranged on the winding frame and is connected with the coil assembly, and the limiting structure is used for enabling the coil assembly to be fixed relative to the wire slot along the axial direction of the winding frame, and to enable the coil assembly to move a preset distance relative to the wire slot along the radial direction of the winding frame. By setting the limit structure, the phenomenon of random movement of the coil in the on-line slot caused by transporting and flipping the magnet in the process of magnet production is greatly reduced, and the quench of the magnet in the excitation process is avoided. And the limit structure can allow the coil to move radially along the winding frame relative to the wire slot in a certain range, so it can ensure that the coil has a certain expansion space and avoid the magnet quench caused by the large stress between the coil and the limit structure.
An esophageal reflux radio frequency ablation electrode comprises an electrode bundle (1), an electrode cap (2), an electrode seat (3), a central pull rod (4), a catheter (5), and a handle (6). The electrode bundle (1) can be opened into a ship shape, a conductive area is arranged at the maximum diameter of the cross section of the ship shape, and an insulating layer is arranged in other parts of the esophageal reflux radio frequency ablation electrode. The electrode bundle (1) is made of conductive metal capillaries divided into several groups, and at least one of each group is used for coolant flow. The electrode of the invention can conveniently and accurately perform radiofrequency ablation treatment and cooling on the annular area of the esophagus.
The invention relates to a bovine creatine kinase isoenzyme (CK??BB) double antibody sandwich ELISA rapid detection kit and a bovine creatine kinase isoenzyme (CK??BB) detection method. The invention has the advantages of quantitative, large detection concentration range, high sensitivity, strong specificity, good repeatability, short detection time and the like, and establishes a new method for early and rapid diagnosis of dairy cow endometritis. Rapid detection of dairy cow endometritis and auxiliary clinical examination to make diagnosis.
The invention discloses a retinal image exudation region segmentation method, which is executed in a computing device, including: obtaining the retinal image to be segmented, and contrast enhancement of the image to obtain the enhanced image; filtering the enhanced image to extract the background image of the retina image; taking the difference between the color value of each pixel in the background image and the color value of the corresponding pixel in the enhanced image to obtain the difference image According to the RGB color value of each pixel in the difference image, the bright region image containing the bright region in the retinal image is obtained, which includes the optic disc region, the exudation region and the bright noise region; the optic disc region is determined from the retinal image, and the area is removed from the bright region image to obtain the disc removal image The bright noise region is determined from the enhanced image, and the region is removed from the disc-removed image, thus the exudation region of the retinal image is obtained. The invention also discloses a corresponding retinal image exudation region segmentation device.
The invention relates to the technical field of image processing and provides an image-oriented filtering method and a device. The method includes: obtaining a first target pixel group representing a smooth region and a first edge region of the image to be filtered; obtaining a target gradient group of each first target pixel point in the first pixel group; and filtering the first target pixel group according to the gradient group to obtain a second target pixel group representing the first edge region; calculating the first coefficient of each second target pixel point based on the filtering model The first coefficient of each second target pixel is adjusted to a second coefficient; the pixel value of the second target pixel in the image to be filtered is updated according to the second coefficient of each second target pixel, and a guided filtered image is generated. Compared with the prior art, the image-oriented filtering method and device provided by the invention can ensure that the image edge details are not lost and the original detail features are retained in the filtering process.
The invention discloses a method for driving and compensating a display panel. The display panel includes a plurality of pixel regions with m rows and n columns arranged in a matrix, each of which corresponds to a drive compensation signal, and each pixel region includes a plurality of pixel units arranged in a matrix. When driving the ij pixel region, the drive compensation signal corresponding to the pixel region is superimposed on the data signal and then loaded to a plurality of pixel units in the pixel region, 1 ≤ I ≤ mpen 1 ≤ j ≤ n. The driving compensation signal superposition data signal corresponding to the pixel region other than row I in column j is loaded to at least one pixel unit adjacent to the pixel region (ipixel 1) j in the column direction of the ij pixel region.
The invention discloses a three-dimensional reproducing kernel space function image synthesis method, which comprises the following steps: based on the regeneration of the reproducing kernel space function, the smooth area of the 3D reproducing kernel space function image surface is expressed continuously; the 3D reproducing kernel space function image sample area is preset; the position of the matching area on the 3D reproducing kernel space function image surface is calculated, and the image region to be matched is matched on the 3D reproducing kernel space function image surface. Several matching 3D reproducing kernel space function image matching regions are selected on the surface of the 3D image model, and the overlapping parts of the two image matching regions are fitted by the least square method; the 3D reproducing kernel space function image is created to fit the 3D image smoothing region of the distribution domain, and the 3D reproducing kernel space function image is synthesized. The method of the invention can effectively carry out local region synthesis in the case of three-dimensional reproducing kernel space function image local matching, avoid a large number of neighborhood matching search, and then obtain the image synthesis effect efficiently.
The invention discloses an interface display processing method. The method includes: detecting the gesture operation of the current interface, the current interface is pre-divided into a first area moving with the gesture and a second area not moving with the gesture; when the gesture operation conforms to a predetermined gesture, switch into a new interface containing the content of the first area. Accordingly, the invention also provides an interface display processing device and a device. The technical proposal provided by the invention can realize the natural transition switch of the interface display according to the gesture operation.
The invention provides an intelligent production line testable digital twin modeling method. Firstly, a three-dimensional model of the equipment in the intelligent production line is established by using the digital modeling software, and the intelligent virtual production line is obtained by importing it into the digital production line simulation software. Secondly, the motion path of the equipment is planned, the intelligent virtual production line is simulated, and the simulation beat is obtained until all the motion paths are traversed, and the motion path with the smallest simulation beat is derived to build the same intelligent physical production line as the intelligent virtual production line. Finally, according to the simulation process of the intelligent virtual production line, the PLC control logic scheme is set up to drive the devices of the intelligent virtual production line to simulate the production action. Keep the production action of the intelligent physical production line consistent with that of the intelligent virtual production line, and complete the construction of the testable digital twin of the intelligent production line. By running the intelligent virtual production line, the invention can reflect the key information and operation data of the intelligent physical production line in real time, reduces the construction and debugging time of the production line, and saves the project cycle and cost.
The embodiment of the invention discloses a method for displaying an interface picture, a computer device, a readable storage medium and a system, belonging to the technical field of the Internet. The method comprises the following steps: a server can receive a target video stream sent by a first terminal, and the target video stream is composed of an interface picture currently displayed by the first terminal; a second terminal corresponding to the first terminal is determined; the second terminal is a terminal that remotely controls the first terminal; a target video stream is sent to the second terminal, and the target video stream is an unencapsulated video stream, which is used for the second terminal to display the interface screen. In the process of the second terminal remotely controlling the first terminal, the second terminal acquires the web page decoding script and the web page drawing script, acquires the target video stream sent by the server, and displays the interface screen based on the target video stream through the web page decoding script and the web page drawing script. By adopting the invention, the delay of displaying the interface picture can be reduced.
The embodiment of the invention provides a data processing method and a virtual reality terminal of a virtual reality terminal, wherein the virtual reality terminal includes a first specific user mode and a second specific user mode; the method includes collecting the physiological data of the user; judging whether the physiological data exceeds the preset threshold range; when the physiological data exceeds the preset threshold range, entering the first specific user mode When the physiological data does not exceed the preset threshold range, the image of the user in the process of use is captured; the age range of the user is determined according to the user image; and it is judged whether the age range exceeds the preset age range. When the age range exceeds the preset age range, the second specific user mode is entered to accurately judge the age range of the specific user, so as to enter different specific user mode and improve the accuracy of the judgment operation. it can prevent some specific users from using virtual reality terminals for a long time.
The invention discloses a method for constructing a three-dimensional surface model based on laser point cloud data, which includes constructing a surface DEM and a DOM and combining them to form a three-dimensional surface model. The DEM construction method includes: obtaining point cloud data; eliminating noise and filtering vegetation information; compression; retaining the nearest data point to the center in each DEM grid; block processing; constructing surface DEM; to save surface DEM as GeoTIFF raster file. The DOM construction method includes: corresponding the three-dimensional coordinates and color values of the laser point cloud data; retaining at most one point extraction color in each grid of the surface DOM; obtaining the concave contour line of the laser point cloud data, and filling the color of the grid located in the contour line; and saving the surface DOM as a GeoTIFF grid file. The invention takes the high density and true color laser scanned point cloud data as the data source, uses the three-dimensional coordinates and RGB values of the point cloud data to construct the surface DEM and the surface DOM respectively, and fuses to form a three-dimensional model of the surface with high precision, small amount of data, high fineness and true texture (color).
The application relates to a video playback method, which includes: sending a reservation playback request to a server, which includes a virtual viewing scene identification, a video to be played identification and a target reservation time selected from the booking time; the identification code returned by the receiving server according to the reservation playback request is the voucher for entering the virtual viewing field landscape to view the video to be played corresponding to the video logo. The verification request entering the virtual viewing scene is sent to the server, and the identification code is carried in the verification request; if the verification result returned by the receiving server is passed, the virtual viewing scene is entered, and the virtual viewing scene is used to accommodate a plurality of terminals to access at the same time; when the target reservation time is reached, the data of the video to be played is played through the virtual viewing scene received by the server in real time. The method of playing the video greatly reduces the pressure on the server. In addition, a video playback device, a computer device and a storage medium are also proposed.
The invention is applicable to the field of information recognition and provides a television shutdown control method and a system based on human eye recognition. the method comprises the following steps: collecting human eye images and obtaining the human eye state to judge whether the human eye state is closed; if the human eye state is closed, judge whether the time in the eye closing state reaches the preset time; if the preset time is reached, and judge whether the current shutdown mode is a single mode If the current shutdown mode is a single mode, control the current shutdown mode to switch to the default mode, and control the TV shutdown. The television shutdown control method based on human eye recognition determines whether the user is in a closed state when watching TV through the human eye state in the human eye image, and reaches a preset time when the user is in the closed state; the current shutdown mode is obtained and when the current shutdown mode is a single mode, the TV shutdown mode is controlled and the current shutdown mode is switched to the default mode, so that the preset time of the next TV shutdown will not be affected.
The application discloses a virtual article gift method, a device and a storage medium, belonging to the network technical field. The method includes receiving a first request sent by a first viewer terminal, the first request carrying the information of the anchor account number and the virtual item to be given A gift giving prompt message and a specified instruction are sent to the viewer terminal in the first broadcast room, and the gift giving prompt message includes the information of the virtual article. The specified indication is used to instruct the viewer terminal to display the gift giving prompt information and to display a quick gift option at a specified location. The quick giving option is used to trigger an event of giving a virtual item with the same information as in the gift giving prompt information. In this way, the problem of giving virtual items through a complex process is avoided, the convenience of operation is improved, and the gift efficiency of virtual goods is improved.
The invention discloses a safe operation control method of a set-top box application program. by adding an application control server to the front-end platform of the television network, the application program running in the set-top box normally maintains heartbeat communication with the application control server. when an application program is found to contain a content problem, the operation of closing the heartbeat communication between the application control server and the application program is performed in the application control server. Then the application running in the set-top box stops and exits after interrupting the heartbeat communication with the application control server. When the problem of the application content is solved, the operation of opening the heartbeat communication between the application control server and the application is performed in the application control server, and the application in the set-top box can run normally. In order to realize the method, the invention also discloses a safe operation control system of a set-top box application program. The invention can achieve the purpose of preventing and timely cleaning the bad content displayed by the set-top box application program.
The invention provides a 3D printing assembly modular building method, which relates to the building technical field, and is used for solving the technical problems of reducing the tedious and complex printing process in the prior art and the insufficient force and anti-seismic capacity of the building. The 3D printing assembly modular building method of the invention comprises the step of rotating the intermediate module 90 °to obtain the assembly module. Because the assembly module is obtained by rotating the intermediate module 90 °, after rotating the intermediate module, the original two vertical walls become horizontal walls, and the other two walls become supporting walls, so that the force of the whole building becomes the whole force. As a result, the buildings formed can be more stable and can withstand the impact of natural disasters such as earthquakes.
A panoramic image processing unit (750) generates a wide viewing angle image, such as a panoramic image visible from a given viewpoint. An image conversion unit (780) converts the generated wide-angle image into a transmission format, wherein the angular resolution is adjusted as the number of pixels per unit angle centered on the viewpoint according to the ray direction of the facing viewpoint. An image providing unit (770) transmits an image to a head-mounted display (100) in a transmission format whose angular resolution has been adjusted. The head-mounted display (100) displays the received image by converting the received image to conform to the optical characteristics of the device.
The invention discloses a video processing method, a device, a computer device and a storage medium, belonging to the Internet field. The method includes: obtaining a decoding parameter based on a preset hard coding parameter, the decoding parameter being a parameter required for decoding a video encoded with the preset hard coding parameter, and obtaining a pusher, writing the decoding parameter into the pusher, which is used for pushing the video to be processed to the terminals of a plurality of users The video to be processed is obtained, and the video to be processed is hard-coded through the target processor and the preset hard-coding parameters, and the target processor is a processor other than CPU; the hard-coded video and the decoding parameters are sent to the terminals of a plurality of users through a pusher. The invention bypasses the limitation of the soft coding interface, is suitable for any type of terminal, and has high compatibility.
The embodiment of the invention discloses a processing method of interactive page stutter. The method comprises the following steps: detecting whether the interactive page has a stutter; when there is a stutter in the interactive page, the attribute information of the preset trigger operation is obtained. the trigger operation is used for operating the interactive page so that the interactive page can be played smoothly The trigger operation is performed on the interactive page according to the attribute information of the trigger operation. The embodiment of the invention also provides a terminal and a readable storage medium. Through the implementation of the above scheme, the technical problem of poor user experience of interactive pages in the existing technology is solved, which can compensate for the unfluency and error caused by stutter in the case of stutter, and reduce the negative impact of stutter to the maximum extent. ensure the experience of human-computer interaction.
The embodiment of the invention discloses a method, a device, a device and a storage medium for providing a rendering picture. The method includes: when detecting that the client performs a rendering operation, obtaining the rendering material corresponding to the original rendering image generated by the client through the rendering operation; re-rendering the rendering material to obtain an alternative rendering image If it is determined that the similarity comparison result between the alternative rendering map and the original rendering map satisfies the setting similarity condition, the replacement rendering image is used to replace the original rendering map to be displayed on the client side. In the above technical scheme, compared with the original rendered image, the definition of the alternative rendered image is higher, and the visual effect of the user is better, which enhances the user's desire to share and enhances the user's experience of using the client.
The invention discloses a live broadcast information dynamic display method and a device thereof. the method comprises the following steps: real-time obtaining the current frame image containing a specific identification in the live video; identifying the specific identification in the current frame image to obtain the location information of the specific identification; according to the live broadcast scene information, obtain the corresponding subject display information According to the location information of the specific identification, the main body display information is mapped on the specific identification, and the current frame image containing the main body display information is obtained and displayed. By using the invention, the main body display information can be displayed in the current frame image in real time during the live broadcast, so that the users watching the live broadcast can intuitively know the relevant information that needs to be displayed during the live broadcast, and the main body display information can be displayed from time to time, so as to avoid the problem that the users watching the live broadcast can not accurately understand the subject because of the information displayed by the anchor or props. It also avoids the problem that real-time live streaming is not possible due to the use of post-synthesis.
The invention discloses a video storage, playback method, device, electronic device and storage medium. The video storage method includes dividing the video file to be stored into at least one slice file. For each slice file, a target m3u8 file for storing the slice file is determined, and each I frame and each key P frame contained in the slice file are determined, wherein the key P frame is a P frame that depends only on the forward I frame when decoding The identification information of each slice file and the information of each I frame and each key P frame contained in each slice file are stored in a corresponding target m3u8 file, wherein the information of the key P frame includes the start time of the key P frame and the dependent forward I frame. In the embodiment of the invention, the time interval of the adjacent key P frames is much smaller than that of the adjacent I frames, which reduces the time interval between the seek time point and the actual video playback point, and reduces the error of the seek.
The invention discloses an image playing method and a device based on a PTZ camera. The invention relates to an image playback method and device based on a PTZ camera: a preset image photographed in the same position is identified among a plurality of preset images captured by the PTZ camera, and only the identified preset image is selected and played.
The invention discloses a multi-terminal streaming media playing system and a method based on software-defined WiFi. The system includes playback client, software-defined WiFi network and streaming media playback multi-terminal switching application. By making use of the centralized management and programmable characteristics of network resources brought by the software-defined WiFi network, the invention realizes the application of streaming media caching and distribution in the controller of the software-defined WiFi, solves the problems of re-establishing connection between devices and waiting for video buffering in the existing multi-screen interactive technology, effectively reduces the time cost of streaming media playing in another terminal, and improves the viewing experience of users.
The application discloses an intelligent television control method. Wherein, a mobile terminal with a built-in Bluetooth communication module monitors through the Bluetooth communication module whether the distance between the mobile terminal and an external Bluetooth device is less than a preset distance threshold; when it is determined that the distance between the mobile terminal and the Bluetooth device is less than the distance threshold, an option to turn on the intelligent TV is displayed on the screen of the mobile terminal In response to the operation of the user on the option of turning on the intelligent TV, an instruction signal for turning on the intelligent TV is output. The application also discloses a corresponding mobile terminal. According to the technical scheme disclosed in this application, the complexity of user operation can be reduced.
The invention discloses a remote sensing video target tracking method based on JCFNet network, which is used to solve the technical problems of low tracking accuracy and weak robustness caused by the existing remote sensing video target tracking methods, such as the obscure target can not be tracked, the remote sensing video with declination phenomenon can not be tracked, the accurate initial position of the target must be given, and the tracking effect of small targets in complex scenes is not ideal. It includes the following steps: obtaining the data set needed for training Construct multi-scale fusion expansion convolution module; obtain scale fusion residual sub-network, multi-scale fusion sub-network and scale fusion related filter sub-network and train them; construct tracking correction module and occlusion correction module; obtain JCFNet network; obtain target tracking results. Compared with the existing method, the JCFNet network proposed by the invention obviously improves the tracking accuracy and robustness.
The invention discloses a real-time video image stabilization method based on temporal grid flow superposition, which comprises: (1) downsampling each video frame to a fixed size; (2) taking the first frame as the initial reference frame to obtain the reference frame feature points; (3) extracting and matching the video frame feature points and the reference frame feature points, obtaining the best matching feature points of the video frame feature points, and constructing the global homography matrix. (4) using the global homography matrix to eliminate part of the feature points of the video frame, (5) for the video frame distribution grid, to obtain the motion vector of the mesh vertices according to the video frame feature points, and (6) to change the reference frame with the period as a unit. The time domain superposition method is used to obtain the motion vector of the mesh vertices in each period according to the reference frame of each period. (7) the motion vector of the pixel is calculated according to the motion vector of the mesh vertex, and the pixel is adjusted according to the motion vector of the pixel. This method keeps the lens completely still in the whole video sequence.
The invention discloses a method for global distribution of key events of an intelligent television. The method comprises the following steps: obtaining a key event to be distributed; obtaining a registration application identification; the application program corresponding to the registration application identity inherits the global key listener; distributing the button event to be distributed to the application program corresponding to the registration application identity. The invention also discloses a global distribution device of key events of an intelligent TV. The invention obtains the button event to be distributed and distributes the key event to be distributed to the application program corresponding to the registration application ID, so that the application program can monitor the key event whether it is in the background or not at the top layer, and avoid the limitation of the business logic flow of the application program.
The invention provides a packaging module of a power conversion circuit. The invention makes use of the chip vertically arranged on the insulating substrate, which is convenient for electrical connection, realizes the electrical connection without welding wire, and reasonably uses the longitudinal space, which can reduce the use of horizontal space. The electrical interconnection between two semiconductor chips using the first plastic sealing resin can not only achieve the purpose of plastic packaging, save electrode plates and welding wires, but also ensure the reliability of electrical connection; heat dissipation is carried out by using plastic sealing resin. and additional heat dissipation insulation particles are added to enhance the heat dissipation effect.
The application provides an OLED driver chip and a driving method thereof for driving a pixel circuit, comprising a shift register module, a first stage cache module, a second stage cache module and a multiplexing circuit selection module; the input terminal of the shift register module accesses the upper level clock signal and outputs the current level clock signal to the first stage cache module The first stage cache module accesses the RGB data signal, acquires the gray scale signal of the current stage RGB data signal according to the current stage clock signal and outputs it to the second stage cache module; the second stage cache module accesses the touch signal and outputs the stored gray scale signal to the multiplexing circuit selection module The output end of the multiplexing circuit selection module is connected with the pixel circuit, converts into a logical state according to the gray level signal and outputs high or low level, which is used for controlling the display time of the pixel unit to cut out the different gray levels of the pixel unit.
The invention discloses a laser array driving device and a packaging method thereof. the device comprises a bearing substrate with a welding pad on the surface, a laser array chip comprising n × n identical or different laser devices, wherein n ≥ 1, a heat conducting film arranged between the laser array chip and the bearing substrate, and a laser driving module connected with the laser array chip through an electrical connection structure The heat insulation structure is arranged between the laser driving module sheet and the bearing substrate, and the heat sink structure is connected with the bearing substrate. The laser array driving device and its packaging method provided by the invention adopts three-dimensional stacked packaging and effectively dissipates heat between wafers through a heat conducting film, and has the characteristics of short response time, high integration, high reliability and the like. Compared with other driving and packaging methods, the driving identity, transmission power and space utilization are greatly improved, so it has a wide application prospect in the fields of optical imaging, communication, interconnection, storage and the like.
The application discloses a battery system and a processing method thereof. the battery comprises a plurality of cells, at least two temperature sensors are arranged at the core position, and at least two temperature sensors are arranged at at least two specific positions. the probability that the temperature difference between at least two specific locations meets the first condition is consistent with the first probability condition, and the processor detects the temperature at the specific location through at least two temperature sensors. In response to the detected temperature satisfying specific conditions, the current of the battery is detected, and the regulated part of the battery is adjusted according to the detection result of the battery current. In this scheme, at least two temperature sensors are set in a specific position to ensure that the detected temperature difference can meet the first condition under the first probability condition. thus, the processor adjusts the regulated part of the battery according to the detection result of the current of the battery, so as to avoid the influence of excessive temperature at different positions of the battery on the life of the battery system, and improve the service safety and life of the battery system.
Embodiments of a 3D storage device with a Z-shaped slit structure and a forming method thereof are disclosed. In an example, a 3D memory device includes a substrate, a memory stack layer including a staggered conductive layer and a dielectric layer above the substrate, an array of memory strings extending vertically through the memory stack layer, and an array of memory strings horizontally divided into a plurality of memory areas. a plurality of slit structures. Each of the plurality of slit structures extends vertically through the storage stack layer and extends horizontally in a first Z-shaped pattern in the plan view.
The invention discloses a device for a wireless communication network, which comprises that the inner edge of the upper cover is provided with an upper lip, the middle part of the upper cover is hollowed out, the hollow part is provided with a convex lip, and the convex lip is provided with an inner cover. The inner edge of the lower cover is provided with a lower lip, the lower lip is matched with the upper lip, the lower cover is provided with a notch, the rotating cover plate is placed in the gap, and the interior of the lower cover is also provided with a heat dissipation hole. The rotating cover plate is provided with a fixing part, the lower cover is provided with a fixing groove, the fixed part is matched and arranged in the fixing groove, the interior of the lower cover is provided with a fixed seat, and the fixing part is fixed on the fixed seat through the first bolt. There is also a hub component. The equipment of the wireless communication network has the advantages of simple structure, convenient processing and rapid assembly. Convenient heat dissipation, can effectively block dust and water vapor.
The utility model discloses a touch screen switch panel, which comprises a touch screen switch panel body, a touch screen switch panel body comprises a shell and a front, and the shell includes an outer side. The touch screen switch panel body also includes a limit clasp, a rubber ring and a limit slot, the outer surface of the shell is provided with a limit clasp, and the rubber ring matched with the outside of the shell includes a ring inner wall and a ring end face. The ring inner wall of the rubber ring is arranged with the limit slot of the limit ring, and the rubber ring is arranged on the outer wall of the shell so that the rubber ring is connected with the limit ring through the limit slot and the ring end face of the rubber ring is on the same plane as the front of the touch screen switch panel body. When the number of switches on the touch screen switch panel is 4 or more, the utility model provides a leveling expansion structure of the front panel of the touch screen switch panel, which is more convenient for users to use according to the needs of users.
The application discloses a shift register unit circuit, comprising an input control module configured to receive and store an input control signal, and an output drive module coupled between a first clock signal input and a unit circuit output, configured to transmit an effective level of the first clock signal to the output of the unit circuit under the control of the input control module And the output drive module includes a first transistor, wherein the first pole is coupled to the first clock signal input terminal, the second pole is coupled to the unit circuit output terminal, and the control pole is coupled to the input control module output terminal. When the effective level output of the first clock signal ends, the control pole of the first transistor is coupled to its second pole before the next effective level comes. The application also discloses a gate drive circuit including the shift register, a corresponding display and a method for providing a gate drive signal.
The utility model discloses an electrochromic device, which is composed of two pieces of transparent conductive glass and a sealant, which is filled with an electrolyte containing an electrochromic material, and the transparent conductive glass is provided with a transparent conductive film layer facing the electrolyte surface. The utility model provides an electrochromic device, which can make use of a variety of electrochromic materials, and further, electrochromic materials with different discoloration response speeds can be used, so as to achieve the effect of showing different patterns when power is turned on or off.
The embodiment of the invention discloses a lithium battery power-on self-recovery protection control circuit, a protection circuit and a protection device. the lithium battery power-on self-recovery protection control circuit comprises a power-on delay circuit, a drive circuit, a logic circuit, a first transistor and a state switching circuit; the power-on delay circuit includes a first charging circuit, a second charging circuit, a first signal output circuit, a second signal output circuit and a memory module The second signal output circuit is used for generating a second control signal according to the first control signal outputted by the first signal output circuit, and outputting from its output terminal to the first input terminal of the logic circuit. The logic circuit is used for controlling the turn-on or turn-off of the first transistor according to the second control signal and the protection control signal. The technical proposal provided by the embodiment of the invention can keep the first transistor in the on state within the preset time when the lithium battery is powered on, so that the lithium battery can work in the on state instead of being locked up.
The invention provides a data reading method and a non-volatile memory device using the method. The data reading method includes: obtaining a first reading current and a second reading current from a memory cell pair of a non-volatile memory device; performing a calculation operation according to the first reading current and the second reading current to obtain a calculation result; and judging the logical state of the memory cell pair according to the calculation result. The calculation operation includes at least one signal addition operation and one signal multiplication operation.
The invention discloses a fast measuring method for the characteristic size of the T / Y gate in the FET manufacturing process, comprising a normal capacitance range establishment step and a rapid measuring step; the rapid measuring step includes: in the FET production and manufacturing, when the metal deposition process of the T / Y gate is just completed, two wires with probes connected at the ends are connected from the capacitance meter One of the probes is attached to the surface of the T / Y gate to form an ohmic connection, and the other probe is attached to the source / drain surface to form ohmic contact; the capacitance values of the gate and source or gate and drain of the FET semi-finished product are measured and compared with the normal range obtained by the step of establishing the normal capacitance range. The invention is suitable for the rapid measurement of the characteristic size of the T / Y gate in the FET manufacturing process.
The invention discloses a method for preparing modified high voltage single crystal ternary cathode material by composite coating, belonging to the technical field of electrochemistry. The problems of poor coating uniformity and poor electrical conductivity and electrical energy of the prior art are solved. The steps include adding lithium salt and hydroxide precursor to the ball mill, mixing for 8 hours, then sintering to obtain a single crystal coated matrix. The single crystal coated matrix and deionized water are added to the stirring tank, and soluble phosphate and soluble aluminum salt are added to the stirring tank. Lithium hydroxide is dissolved in deionized water and then added to the stirring tank to stir 1h??2h. After filtration and dehydration, the initially coated high voltage monocrystal ternary cathode material is obtained. The composite coated high voltage single crystal ternary cathode material can be obtained by heat treatment of the initially coated high voltage single crystal ternary cathode material at 500 ℃ and 850 ℃ for 4 h. The invention can be used for coating and preparing high voltage single crystal ternary cathode materials.
The utility model discloses a large capacity polymer battery, which comprises a battery body, which comprises a top surface, a side and another side corresponding to one side. One side of the battery body is fixedly arranged with a handle rod for convenient handling. The large capacity polymer battery also comprises a plate body, a supporting rod A, a linkage supporting mechanism and a supporting rod B, and the plate body includes a lower plate surface. The lower plate surface of the plate body is sequentially provided with a supporting rod A, a linkage supporting mechanism and a supporting rod B from left to right. The linkage supporting mechanism includes a limiting rod, a limiting ring and a limiting hole, and one end of the limiting rod is fixedly connected with the plate body. A limiting hole matching with the limiting rod is arranged on the handle rod, and a limiting ring is arranged on the other end of the limiting rod, and the limiting ring is fixedly connected with the limiting rod. The other end of the limit rod is stuck into the limit hole and connected with the handle rod. The utility model uses the handle rod to protect the battery body and reduces the possible safety hidden danger.
The invention relates to a turbocharging pressure control method for a diesel engine at variable altitude. According to the changes of altitude, diesel engine speed and load, a two-stage adjustable turbocharger controller ECU is used to real-time control the opening of the high-pressure stage VGT blades of the two-stage adjustable turbocharger and the opening of two turbine control valves of high and low pressure stages, so as to optimize the turbocharging pressure at variable altitude and operating conditions, and realize the optimal control of turbocharging pressure in the range of 0m~5500m altitude. The performance index of diesel engine is always the same as that under plain condition. The invention adopts the mode of combining feedforward control and fuzzy PID control, and the turbocharging pressure can be adjusted in real time according to the altitude and the change of diesel engine working conditions, which meets the requirements of optimal power performance and fuel economy under both steady and transient working conditions, achieves the goal of restoring the power of the diesel engine to more than 95% of the plain at the reference point of 5500m above sea level, alleviates the problem of turbine hysteresis and reduces the power loss of the pump. At the same time, the problems such as compressor surge, turbine overspeed and high exhaust temperature in front of the vortex are avoided.
A high precision hybrid digital pulse width modulator with adaptive delay compensation includes a coarse tuning module, a fine tuning module and a digital logic module. The coarse tuning module is used to generate counting signals and comparison signals. The fine tuning module includes a calibration module, a delay chain, an adaptive delay compensation module and a first multiplexer. The calibration module is used to generate a calibration code and modify the calibration code in real time and generate an input pulse signal. The delay chain outputs the input pulse signal to the calibration end of the calibration module and the input terminal of the adaptive delay compensation module after passing through the first delay unit. The delay is carried out by k second delay units of the adaptive delay compensation module, and the first multiplexer selects one of the input pulse signal, the output signal of the 2mm first delay unit or the output signal of the k second delay unit according to the low input signal and generates a digital pulse width modulation signal together with the count signal. The invention has the characteristics of high precision and high linearity.
In some embodiments, the invention relates to an BSI image sensor including a global shutter pixel with a reflective material that prevents contamination of a pixel-level storage node. In some embodiments, the BSI image sensor includes an image sensing element arranged within a semiconductor substrate and a pixel-level storage node arranged in the semiconductor substrate at a position transversely deviating from the image sensing element. The reflective material is also arranged in the semiconductor substrate at a position between the pixel-level memory node and the back side of the semiconductor substrate. The reflective material has an orifice (aperture) positioned above the image sensing element. The reflective material allows the incident radiation to reach the image sensing element while preventing the incident radiation from reaching the pixel-level storage node, thereby preventing the contamination of the pixel-level storage node. Embodiments of the invention also relate to a method of forming a backlit image sensor.
The invention discloses a driving method of an electric wetting panel, which comprises a substrate; M driving electrodes arranged on one side of the substrate and arranged along the first direction, the M driving electrodes being the first driving electrode to the M driving electrode along the first direction The driving method includes providing electrical signals to M driving electrodes during the droplet travel stage, so that the first driving electrode obtains the droplets from the solution pool, and the M driving electrodes drive the droplets. Wherein, the pulse width of the driving signal of the m driving electrode is Wm, the pulse width of the non-driving signal between the a driving signal and the a + 1 driving signal of the m driving electrode is Zma, the end time of the first driving signal of the m driving electrode and the ending time of the m driving signal of the first driving electrode are flush; M, m, an are all positive integers, 1 ≤ m ≤ M. Compared with the prior art, it is advantageous to move a large number of droplets efficiently.
The embodiment of the invention discloses an electronic device, which relates to the technical field of the terminal, and can solve the waste of the whole internal space of the electronic equipment caused by the waste of space on the PCB. The specific scheme is as follows: the electronic device comprises a first PCB, a second PCB connected with the first PCB, and at least one first element connected with the second PCB; the first PCB is provided with a through hole, the second PCB is arranged on one side of the first PCB and opposite to the through hole, and at least one first element is arranged on the second PCB through the through hole. The embodiment of the invention is applied to the scene of laying out PCB and components in electronic devices.
A capability diagram is obtained to realize the redundancy of external power supply and to achieve miniaturization of the electric drive device. The electric drive device includes a motor, a controller for controlling the drive of the motor, and a power connector electrically connected to the controller. the power connector has a power connector housing, and a first power terminal and a second power terminal arranged on the inside of the power connector housing and electrically connected with their respective external power sources, respectively.
The invention discloses a light-emitting device, which comprises a semiconductor light-emitting element with a first electrode and a second electrode, a transparent material covering the semiconductor light-emitting element, a stretchable electrical connection structure and an electrical contact part. The stretchable electrical connection structure is arranged in the transparent material and electrically connected to the first electrode, and the electrical contact part is arranged on the transparent material and electrically connected to the second electrode.
The application discloses an impedance adjustment circuit for determining the resistance value of a terminal resistance unit. the terminal resistance unit includes a plurality of resistors, and the impedance adjustment circuit includes a current mirror (102). For providing a first reference current and a second reference current, wherein the current mirror emits the second reference current using the first reference current mirror A reference voltage generating circuit (110) generates a reference voltage at least according to the first reference current, the first clock and the second clock; a switch group (109) includes a plurality of switches; and a comparator, a comparison result is generated according to the reference voltage and the terminal resistance voltage; a control unit (112) controls the on-off of a plurality of switches in the switch group according to the comparison result.
The invention provides a method for setting a resistive memory device and a resistive memory cell thereof. The setting method of the resistive memory cell includes performing a first setting operation on the resistive memory cell and performing a first verification operation on the resistive memory cell after the completion of the first setting operation Whether to perform a first reset operation on a resistive memory cell is determined according to the verification result of the first verification operation, and a second verification operation is performed on the resistive memory cell after it is decided to perform the first reset operation and the execution is completed. And, according to the verification result of the second verification operation, it is determined whether to perform a second reset operation on the resistive memory cell, and a third verification operation is performed on the resistive memory cell after it is decided to perform the second reset operation and the execution is completed.
An apparatus, system, method, and computer program product for erasing depth control are disclosed. An apparatus includes a non-volatile memory cell block. The controller is configured to perform a first erase operation on the non-volatile memory cell block. A controller for a block is configured to determine that a first set of memory cells in the block has a faster erasing speed than a second set of memory cells in the block based on a verification voltage threshold. A controller for the block is configured to perform a second erase operation on the block using different voltages for the first set of memory cells and the second set of memory cells in the block.
The invention relates to an interval attitude identification method of a permanent magnet spherical rotor based on sensor array coding, which includes a distribution model of a sensor array, an interval division and an interval attitude identification method. (1) the distribution model of the sensor array and the method of interval division are as follows: the rotor surface is divided into several intervals according to the arrangement rules of the rotor magnetic poles. The interval satisfies the condition: all intervals should be able to represent all interval attitudes of the rotor, and a number of linear Hall sensors should be arranged at the intersection of the interval dividing line. (2) the identification method of interval attitude: define the initial attitude of the rotor; obtain the coding signal and the absolute value information of the magnetic field output of the sensor corresponding to each basic interval attitude; calculate the sensor coordinates; extend to the arbitrary interval attitude of the rotor. draw a table to get the coding information and absolute magnetic field information of the sensor output of the rotor in any interval attitude; on-line detection.
The invention provides a display panel, comprising a substrate and a flat layer, an anode layer, a pixel definition layer, a cathode layer and a packaging layer stacked on the substrate in turn In the edge area of the display panel, the pixel definition layer includes a group of retaining walls arranged on the anode layer, and the group of retaining walls includes a plurality of sub-retaining walls arranged at intervals. The group of retaining walls includes a first side close to the display area and a second side away from the display area, and a path is formed at the gap of a plurality of sub-retaining walls set at intervals, and the length of the path is greater than the linear distance from the first side to the second side. The display panel of the invention optimizes the anode hole on the anode layer to form staggered sub-retaining walls to control the diffusion rate and diffusion range of the organic layer in the packaging layer, thereby reducing the number of edge retaining walls of the display panel, reducing the boundary area of the display panel and increasing the screen occupancy ratio. The invention also provides a method for preparing a display panel and a display device.
A touch sensing device and a driving method thereof are provided. The touch sensing device includes a touch panel on which a plurality of touch sensor electrodes are formed, and a touch driver for providing a touch drive signal to the touch sensor electrode and receiving a touch detection signal generated by the touch drive signal. A touch controller for storing a history indicating that each touch sensor electrode is touched in a memory using a touch detection signal; and a memory configured to communicate with the touch controller, wherein, the touch controller controls the touch driver to read the history from the memory, uses the history to determine that the number of touch events is greater than the threshold number of touch events, and provides a touch drive signal to the determined electrode.
The invention belongs to the field of secondary image segmentation of large field of view astronomical imaging, in particular to a secondary image segmentation method based on lens array. Firstly, the segmented convex lens array is placed on the imaging surface of the front-end imaging system, and the first image is separated, then the turning point of the optical path is realized through the mirror, and the microlens array is placed again on the image surface after the first image separation. the microlens array is added to the optical fiber array, and finally the three-dimensional imaging is realized. Based on the secondary image separation method of the lens array, the invention can realize the partition of the large sky area and reduce the imaging size of each zone under the condition that the resolution is constant, because each partition has a corresponding integral field of view unit. as a result, the size of a single integral field of view unit is reduced, and the processing and operation problems caused by excessive size of microlens array and integral field of view unit are avoided.
The invention is applicable to the technical field of lithium-ion battery package and provides a capacity updating method, a device and a terminal device of lithium-ion battery package. The method comprises the following steps: when a charging instruction is received, the static time of lithium-ion battery package is obtained, and the static time is compared with the preset static time; wherein, the lithium-ion battery package includes two or more single batteries in series, parallel or series-parallel connection If the rest time exceeds the preset rest time, the battery temperature and voltage of the lithium-ion battery pack are obtained; the remaining power of the lithium-ion battery pack is obtained according to the battery temperature and voltage; the lithium-ion battery pack is charged according to the remaining charge until the remaining charge of the lithium-ion battery pack is 100%; the charge Coulomb number of the single battery of the lithium-ion battery pack during charging is calculated, and the discharge capacity meter of the lithium-ion battery pack is updated. The invention can accurately determine the initial battery capacity value, update the capacity after full charge, make the capacity value more accurate, and reduce the estimation error of the battery capacity value.
The invention relates to a display panel and a display device. The display panel includes a display side substrate and a display array layer, a lens layer and an imaging array layer arranged sequentially on one side of the display side substrate. The display array layer includes a plurality of display pixels arranged by the array; the imaging array layer includes a plurality of imaging pixels arranged by the array and is configured to image light reflected from the display side and transmitted through the lens layer. The display panel and the display device have an imaging function.
A light transparent conductive material is characterized in that at least a sensor part electrically connected with the terminal part by means of the peripheral wiring part and an imaginary part not electrically connected with the terminal part are provided on the light transparent support body. the sensor part and the imaginary part have a network-shaped metal thin line pattern formed by a plurality of polygons, and the metal thin line pattern in the imaginary part has a broken part. And the thin metal line pattern in the imaginary part has an area that meets the requirements of the following 1), and / or an area that meets the requirements of 2). 1) all polygons that share vertices with polygons that do not have broken parts have at least one broken part. 2) all polygons that share vertices with 2 polygons that share edges or vertices and do not have breakers have at least one breaker.
A supercapacitor is provided, which comprises a first electrode, a second electrode, a separator, a non-aqueous electrolyte and a housing. The first electrode includes a first collector electrically connected to the first carbonaceous coating and the second electrode includes a second collector electrically connected to the second carbonaceous coating. The first set of fluids and the second set of fluids each contain substrates including conductive metal, wherein a plurality of fibrous tentacles protrude outward from the substrate of the first set of fluids, the substrate of the second set of fluids, or both.
The invention discloses a display substrate comprising a plurality of patterned exposure areas arranged by a matrix, a first compartment and a second spacer located outside the patterned exposure area, and a photochromic film strip located in the first compartment. The first spacer is arranged in the first direction and is located between the adjacent patterned exposure areas, and the second spacer is arranged in the second direction and is located between the adjacent patterned exposure areas, and the first direction and the second direction are perpendicular to each other. By setting a photochromic film strip in the interval area between the patterned exposure areas, and testing the photochromic film band after exposure, the detection of the exposure effect of the display substrate is realized, the exposure quality is controlled in time, and the batch exposure is prevented from bad exposure. at the same time, prevent the poor exposure products continue to cause the waste of other materials.
The present disclosure relates to a Schottky diode and a preparation method thereof. A Schottky diode includes a lining layer, a first structure and a second structure on the substrate, wherein there is an isolation groove structure between the first structure and the second structure, and the first structure includes a first main body area and a cantilever beam extending from the first main body area. the second structure includes a second main body area, and a Schottky contact structure comprising a Mesa structure located on the second main body area. And a passivation layer, which is located on the second main body area and surrounds the table structure, wherein the thickness of the passivation layer is the same as that of the table structure And a contact metal layer, which is located on the table structure and is connected with the end of the cantilever beam, wherein, the contact metal layer is in contact with the table structure and the contact surface size of the contact metal layer is larger than the top size of the table structure. and the passivation layer is embedded with heavily doped polysilicon, which has conductive properties.
The invention discloses a permanent magnet installation fixture of an electromagnetic linear actuator with a magnetic isolation ring, which comprises an inner core fixture, a bottom plate and a magnetic isolation ring filling fixture. The inner core fixture is cylindrical, and the top end of the inner core fixture extends with a positioning convex platform. The positioning convex platform is inserted into the positioning hole of the base plate, and a magnetic isolation ring filling fixture is arranged between the inner core fixture and the base plate. The inner core fixture is located in the outer magnetic yoke, and the lower end of the outer magnetic yoke is provided with a magnetic isolation ring. The magnetic isolation ring is a torus, and one end of the magnetic isolation ring filling fixture is located below the magnetic isolation ring. A cylindrical supporting platform is arranged outside the outer magnetic yoke, a transmission device is arranged on the outer wall of the supporting platform, a gap is arranged between the inner core fixture and the outer magnetic yoke, a sleeve is arranged in the gap, a plane is arranged on both sides of the sleeve, and a rack is installed in the plane. The rack meshes with the transmission device. The invention reduces the installation cost of the electromagnetic linear actuator, reduces the installation risk of the electromagnetic linear actuator, improves the assembly efficiency of the electromagnetic linear actuator and improves the assembly accuracy.
The utility model relates to a novel audio noise reduction circuit and a switching power supply applying the circuit. The novel audio noise reduction circuit includes a DAC modulation circuit, a counting / sampling parallel output circuit and a DAC demodulation circuit; the DAC modulation circuit is externally connected with the demagnetization time signal Tons to control the switch tube in the DAC modulation circuit; the output terminal of the DAC modulation circuit is connected with the counting / sampling parallel output circuit for transmitting the digital signal output by the DAC modulation circuit to the counting / sampling parallel output circuit The counting / sampling parallel output circuit is also connected with the DAC demodulation circuit for transmitting the output data of the counting / sampling parallel output circuit to the DAC demodulation circuit; the DAC demodulation circuit outputs the inductor current threshold voltage, and the inductance current threshold voltage of the current sampling period is recorded as Vth_oc, and the inductance current threshold voltage of the last sampling period is recorded as Vth_oc1. The utility model can achieve the purpose of optimizing audio noise and conversion efficiency of the original side feedback switching power supply.
The invention relates to an organic optoelectronic material and its use. The organic optoelectronic material includes an organic compound with structural characteristics as shown in formula (1). The organic compound has a smaller Δ E, which is convenient to obtain a better thermal excitation delayed fluorescence characteristic, thus realizing the high efficiency and long lifetime of the OLED device. The compound has the advantages of relatively simple synthesis process and low cost, so it has great application potential and application range. The invention also relates to a mixture containing the organic compound, a composition (printing ink) and an organic electronic device, in particular an electroluminescent device.
The utility model provides a filter, which relates to the technical field of electronic components. Wherein, one side of the frame body is provided with a card plate, the shape of the card plate is U type, the limited position block is fixed in the middle position on the card plate, the limited position slot is left on the frame body corresponding to the limit block, one end of the limit block is placed in the limit slot, both ends of the frame body are provided with a through groove, one end of the through groove is connected with the outside world, and a card pin matching the shape and size of the through groove is arranged in the through groove, and the end of the card pin is convex. A corresponding card slot is left at both ends of the card plate near the convex surface of the card pin, and the convex end of the card pin is connected into the card slot, the upper and lower ends of the card pin are connected with an extension plate, and the upper and lower ends of the through groove are connected with a chute. The utility model realizes the rapid assembly of the card plate, and through the elastic force of the spring to the extension plate, one end of the clip pin can be fastened in the card slot, which is safe and reliable.
The invention provides a method for manufacturing PDMS-based double-layer structure magnetic response microlens array, which relates to the technical field of microlens array manufacturing method. The method comprises the following steps: manufacturing a PDMS microlens array; spin-coating a PDMS-based magnetorheological elastomer film on the PDMS microlens array to obtain a PDMS-based double-layer structure magnetic response microlens array. The PDMS-based double-layer structure magnetic response microlens array fabricated by this method is formed on the pure material PDMS not only has high optical transmittance, but also has good microstructure molding quality, and the magnetic response effect can be realized by applying an external magnetic field to change the focal length of the microlens array.
The invention discloses a preparation method of a tantalum core and its cathode for a chip tantalum capacitor and a chip tantalum capacitor. The preparation method of the tantalum core cathode comprises the following steps: preparing 4-8 groups of manganese nitrate solution with specific gravity of 1.0g/cm~2.3g/cm, the specific gravity of each group of manganese nitrate solution is different, and Nonionic surfactant is added to the manganese nitrate solution with specific gravity of 1.5g/cm~1.9g/cm The anodic tantalum core was continuously impregnated in each group of manganese nitrate solution for 5 times, and the impregnated tantalum core was immediately decomposed by high temperature steam to form a hollow manganese dioxide cathode layer. The tantalum core for chip tantalum capacitor prepared by the preparation method of the invention forms a cathode layer with hollow manganese dioxide structure, which is helpful to improve the stability and reliability of tantalum core for chip tantalum capacitor; at the same time, the tantalum core for chip tantalum capacitor has ultra-low equivalent series resistance (ESR).
The invention discloses a device for detecting the quality of a loudspeaker chip, which comprises a main body, a working cavity is arranged in the host body, a worktable is fixed on the bottom wall of the working cavity, and the left and right sides of the worktable are rotated with a horizontal shaft. Two horizontal axes are fixed with conveyor pulleys, and chips can be placed on the conveyor pulleys. The invention can correct the position of the chip through the rotation of the alignment wheel. Then the two calibration splints are close to each other, clamping the chip to facilitate the detection of the detection head, saving the trouble of manual detection, greatly improving the work efficiency, improving the output and product quality, and the invention has a simple structure and a high degree of automation. easy to operate and easy to popularize.
The utility model provides a focusing module, a light source assembly and a liquid phase detector, which relates to the technical field of liquid phase detection. The focusing module comprises a base, a semi-transparent semi-reflective mirror and a focusing lens; the base comprises a first holding space and a pass-through hole which communicates with the first holding space and allows a mercury light beam to enter; the semi-transparent semi-reflective mirror and the focusing lens are installed on the base, and the pass-through hole is located between the semi-transparent semi-reflective mirror and the focusing lens. The semi-transparent and semi-reflective mirror can couple the tungsten lamp beam and the mercury lamp beam, and the coupling beam converges on the focusing lens through the first holding space. The light source assembly includes a focusing module. The liquid phase detector includes a light source assembly. Through the focusing module, the technical problem of the coupling of deuterium lamp, tungsten lamp and mercury lamp in the prior art is solved, which makes the volume of the detector larger.
The invention provides a PCB test method with its own plug and socket, which uses the existing PCB test fixture to test the connectivity of PCB, and at the same time combines the bypass test module with the PCB test treatment for synchronously testing the connectivity of PCB's own plug and socket, thus the connectivity of PCB and PCB's own plug and socket can be measured very conveniently and quickly, the operation of the test method is simple, and the accuracy of the test result is high It avoids the waste of manpower and material resources caused by testing plugs and sockets after assembly, greatly improves the testing efficiency and reduces the testing and production costs, and has strong applicability.
The invention discloses a test device of an integrated circuit printed board and a test method thereof. the test device comprises a first boundary scan debugger, comprising a first port and a second port. the first port is connected with the input of the first device in the first part of the integrated circuit printed board, and the second port is connected with the output of the last device in the first part of the device. The second boundary scan debugger includes a third port and a fourth port, the third port is connected with the input of the first device in the second part of the integrated circuit printed board, and the fourth port is connected with the output of the last device in the second part of the device. The connection line test unit comprises a third boundary scan debugger and a fourth boundary scan debugger. The third boundary scan debugger is connected with N first ports of the first device. The fourth boundary scan debugger is connected with N second ports of at least two devices, and N first ports are connected with N second ports.
The object of the invention is to provide a technique capable of suppressing the occurrence of partial discharge. The evaluation device is provided with a probe disposed on the lower surface of the upper member, a side wall part arranged on the lower surface of the upper member, and a first gas supply section. Under the condition that the side wall part is close to the worktable, the first gas supply section can supply gas toward the measured object carried on the worktable, and when the side wall part is in contact with the worktable, it can supply gas to the space surrounded by the worktable, the side wall and the upper parts.
The invention discloses a process method of a photosensitive sensor, a panel and a photosensitive device. The photosensitive layer comprises a photosensitive layer, which includes a main body provided with a plurality of holes, and an object comprising at least two photosensitive materials with different photosensitive bands; the photosensitive material is filled in the holes of the main body. Compared with the photosensitive material with only one fixed photosensitive band, it has a wider range of photosensitive band and better adaptability, which improves the sensitivity of the sensor; the range of the photosensitive material is different, it can be more targeted to adapt to the specific environmental light requirements.
The invention discloses a grid slot metamaterial waveguide slot antenna and a design method thereof. the waveguide slot antenna includes a metal waveguide with a radiation slot for transmitting electromagnetic waves in the working frequency band in the antenna. and suppress the transmission of low-band stopband electromagnetic waves in the antenna. A number of metal columns are distributed on the inner bottom surface of the metal waveguide, and the upper end of each metal column forms a discontinuous metal surface, which is used to prevent the transmission of high-frequency stopband electromagnetic waves in the antenna. Through the fusion design, the invention skillfully merges the filter and the antenna, which are two independent microwave components, so that the antenna has the ability of normal radiation in the working frequency band and realizing dual-band suppression outside the working frequency band at the same time. And this fusion mode reduces the difficulty of anti-interference design of the system and reduces the amount of equipment.
The utility model discloses a square port USB interface automatic plug and pull test device, which relates to the square port USB testing technical field, comprising a carrier plate for placing a PCB board, a pressing mechanism for pressing the PCB board fixed, and a USB plug and pull mechanism for controlling the square port USB interface of the test module. The pressing mechanism is arranged on one side of the carrier plate, and the insertion and pull mechanism is arranged on the other side of the carrier plate. The USB plug-in mechanism and the pressing mechanism are located on the adjacent side of the carrier plate. The automatic plug-in and pull-out test device of the square port USB interface provided by the utility model realizes the automation of the FCT test of the square port USB interface and the soft wiring interface of the PCB board, and greatly improves the FCT testing efficiency of the PCB board.
The utility model discloses a high safety electrolytic capacitor, comprising a shell, a core package is arranged in the shell, an electrode is connected at the upper end of the core package, and the electrode passes through a cover plate arranged on the shell. Between the cover plate and the shell, an erection part mounted on the shell is arranged, and a metal energy absorbing assembly for absorbing the heat released by the core package is arranged on the erection part. The whole or part of the shell and the cover plate are covered with a thermal conductive silica gel layer by vacuum coating, and the thermal conductive silica gel layer at least covers the erection parts. The beneficial effect of the utility model is mainly reflected in that under the working condition, the metal energy absorbing assembly can absorb the heat of the inner wall of the electrolytic capacitor, avoid the deformation and / or damage caused by the thermal expansion or cold shrinkage of the cover plate with the change of the internal temperature of the capacitor, and reduce the leakage risk of the electrolyte. At the same time, the rapid heat dissipation of the thermal conductive silica gel layer is beneficial to emit the heat of the shell more quickly.
A model predictive control method for reducing the switching frequency of quasi-Z-source inverter, establishing the system model of quasi-Z-source inverter, including the system model in non-straight-through state and straight-through state, and determining the selection voltage vector criterion. including a traditional zero vector, six traditional effective vectors and a straight-through vector; design cost function In order to reduce the switching frequency of the quasi-Z source inverter, the switching frequency related weight term is introduced into the cost function, and the switching frequency of the system can be reduced by adjusting the weight factor of the switching frequency weight term. The reduction of the switching frequency of the system of the invention will bring the following two advantages: first, the switching frequency of the system is reduced, that is, the loss of the system at the switching time is reduced, thereby improving the working efficiency of the whole system; second, the reduction of the switching frequency of the system also means that the IGBT will have a longer service life.
The press fit terminal (1) includes a cylindrical pin (10) and a contact part (20) having a reducing part (11). The pin (10) is provided with a large diameter part (11C) whose diameter is larger than that of the reducing part (11). The contact part (20) has an elastic contact plate (40) for contacting the through hole (H) of the circuit substrate (B) which is the object of pressure fit installation, and the contact part (20) is assembled on the reducing part (11) in a manner capable of moving between the first position and the second position. The first position is the position where the elastic contact piece (40) is not in contact with the large diameter part (11C) when the pressure fit terminal (1) is installed on the circuit substrate (B). The second position is the position where the elastic contact piece (40) when the pressure fit terminal (1) is detached from the circuit substrate (B) is connected to the large diameter part (11C).
The invention provides an optical fiber distributed monitoring system and a method thereof, which relates to the field of optical fiber sensing. The system includes a laser, an acousto-optic modulator, a phase matching interferometer, a photodetector and a phase demodulation module. The backscattered light with parameter information output from the sensing fiber enters the phase matching interferometer and enters the two arms of the phase matching interferometer respectively. The light of the two arms of the phase matching interferometer is modulated by the first modulation waveform and the second modulation wave to interfere with each other to produce interference light. The photodetector converts the optical signal into an electrical signal, and the phase demodulation module processes the electrical signal based on the Hilbert algorithm to get the parameters of the environment to be tested. Because the Hilbert algorithm does not need to collect the modulation waveform, and the amplitude difference between the first modulation wave and the second modulation wave is greater than or equal to the amplitude difference threshold of the optical phase difference between the two arms of the phase matching interferometer is 2 π.
The utility model provides an intermediate shaft, belonging to the technical field of transmission shaft manufacturing. The utility model solves the problem that it is not convenient for the existing key block to be disassembled on the middle shaft. The intermediate shaft includes a cylindrical shaft body, a transmission gear body is fixed at the left end of the shaft body, transmission teeth are spaced on the outer wall of the transmission gear body, and the right end of the shaft body is provided with an axial convex platform for axial assembly of the intermediate shaft gear. the outer wall of the axial convex platform is axially provided with a keyway, and the keyway is connected with a keyway that matches the size and shape of the keyway. A detaching mechanism is arranged between the key block and the shaft body which can quickly disassemble and separate the key block from the keyway. The structure design of the utility model is reasonable and simple, and it is convenient for the key block to be disassembled on the intermediate shaft body, saving time and effort, and convenient use; in addition, it can reduce the phenomenon of stress concentration, long service life, good transmission stability of the shaft body and low noise.
The invention discloses a multivariable intelligent coordinated control method for a cracking furnace, belonging to the technical field of industrial intelligent control. The method is based on four control subsystems, which are combustion system, branch temperature equalization system, dilution ratio system and load adjustment system, and are prioritized according to the importance of several control variables such as COT temperature, feed and dilution steam of cracking furnace. In the process of operation, all variables are confirmed in real time, and all variables are within the allowable range, and are adjusted normally. If the variables are out of range, they are adjusted step by step according to priority to avoid new coupling. When the COT temperature deviation of the branch is out of range, the feed of the branch is limited, the dilution steam is adjusted synchronously, the total load is not changed, and the problem of balanced control is solved to ensure that the COT temperature of the branch has no deviation. Based on the heat balance theory, this method introduces calorific value control and load control to improve the lag problem of fuel gas components and load changes, and finally realize the smooth operation of the cracking furnace.
The invention discloses a rotating machinery fault diagnosis method based on deep Laplace self-coding, which comprises the following steps: 1, collecting vibration signals from key components of rotating machinery; 2, converting the collected vibration signals into frequency spectrum signals and dividing them into test sample subsets and training sample subsets 3. Input the training samples into the Laplace self-coding model for pre-training, use the supervised learning algorithm to further adjust the pre-trained Laplace self-coding model, and according to the loss function in the Laplace self-coding model, the parameters of the Laplace self-coding model are obtained. 4. Input the test samples into the training depth Laplace self-coding model to obtain multi-layer sensitive fault characteristics. 5. Input the fault features obtained from step 4 into the classifier for fault classification and diagnosis, and realize the fault diagnosis of rotating machinery equipment. The invention improves the fault diagnosis accuracy of the unbalanced data and effectively realizes the classification and diagnosis of the unbalanced data.
The invention discloses a loading system suitable for filling granular materials, belonging to a material loading system. The loading system includes a discharge pipe, a telescopic hose, an inclined pipe and a receiving assembly; the discharge pipe is higher than the receiving assembly; the receiving assembly includes an inclined platform which can rotate about the rotation axis, and also includes a container arranged on the inclined platform; the container has a feed port; the inclined pipe includes an adjusting pipe section and a feeding pipe section, the adjusting pipe section has a lateral opening, and the feeding pipe section is a feeding pipe section. The telescopic hose can extend or retract the adjusting pipe section from the lateral opening, one end of the telescopic hose is connected with the feeding pipe, and the other end is connected with the feeding pipe section; the feeding pipe section is connected with the feed port, and the end of the feeding pipe section away from the discharging pipe is hinged with the receiving assembly through a first hinge shaft, which is parallel to the rotation axis. The loading system can increase the loading capacity of the container, realize the material transportation by the self-weight flow of the material, and avoid the quality of the material being affected by mechanical wear during transportation.
The invention discloses a real-time on-line monitoring and fault diagnosis system of hydraulic pipeline based on fiber Bragg grating sensor, which comprises a fiber grating sensing network, including a plurality of fiber grating sensors installed on the hydraulic pipeline, and an acquisition device. The sensing data on the fiber grating sensor is collected by connecting the sensing fiber with a plurality of fiber grating sensors. The host computer software system includes communication module, cache module, storage module, real-time monitoring module, signal processing module, fault diagnosis module and historical data module. The invention adopts distributed fiber grating sensing technology to realize multi-parameter and multi-field monitoring of pipeline running state, introduces image processing technology into fault diagnosis, considers time and space dimensions at the same time, and realizes real-time on-line diagnosis of pipeline loosening fault on two-dimensional image signal.
The invention relates to a material feeding equipment and system, which is provided with a material storage mechanism, a control mechanism, a rotation mechanism and a linear movement mechanism, wherein, the material storage mechanism comprises a turntable and at least two storage silos; each storage bin is arranged on the turntable, and each storage bin places materials to be sent; the control mechanism is used to drive the rotation of the turntable through the rotation mechanism so that the target storage bin rotates to the position opposite to the linear movement mechanism. The control mechanism is also used to drive the target material to be delivered in the target silo to move to the grabbing area of the feeding robot perpendicular to the turntable through a linear moving mechanism, so that the feeding robot can accurately locate the material to be delivered after grasping the target material to be delivered, so that it can cooperate effectively with the feeding robot, and the feeding robot can complete the picking and putting of the material without human participation. The automation degree of the feeding equipment is improved, and the area of the feeding equipment is small, and the feeding efficiency is improved.
The utility model relates to the field of electronic welding, and specifically discloses a wave soldering vehicle for electronic equipment processing, which comprises a substrate, the upper surface of the substrate is equipped with a carrier groove, the outside of the carrier groove is arranged on the upper surface of the substrate, the inner part of the chute is equipped with an extrusion spring, one end of the extrusion spring is connected with a push plate inside the chute, and a limited position plate is installed on one side of the push plate. The upper surface of the substrate is provided with a rotating groove, a rotating shaft is arranged inside the rotating groove, a compression spring is arranged between the rotating shaft and the substrate, and a pressing buckle is arranged on the lower side of the rotating shaft. The compression spring of the pulling shaft is used to control the steering of the buckle at the same time, and the circuit board is pressed. After the position of the buckle is selected, the pulling force on the shaft is revoked under the action of the elastic recovery force of the compression spring. Make the buckle effectively buckle the circuit board.
The utility model discloses a high airtight tubular conveyor belt, which comprises an upper cover glue layer, a lower cover glue layer and a skeleton layer arranged between the upper cover glue layer and the lower cover glue layer; the skeleton layer comprises an upper, middle and lower three layers of nylon net and a spring steel wire coil interspersed with the upper, middle and lower nylon net, and the nylon net is composed of warp and weft polyamide fibers. A strong layer is respectively arranged between the skeleton layer and the upper cover glue layer and the lower cover glue layer; the contact parts of the upper cover glue layer and the lower cover glue layer are provided with sealing pairs. Through the upper, middle and lower three-layer nylon net and the spring steel wire coil interspersed in the three-layer nylon net, the utility model not only improves the transverse stiffness of the conveyor belt, but also ensures the transverse bending strain of the steel wire rope. to ensure that the pipe part does not collapse and does not deform in the process of long-term use. The sealing pair is used to improve the tightness of the tubular conveyor belt and reduce the length of the lapping part, so that the conveyor belt forms a highly airtight tube in the material conveying section.
The utility model discloses a fixing device for PDC bit composite piece welding, which comprises a base, the upper end of the base is provided with two connecting grooves, a hollow groove is arranged between the two connecting grooves, a rotating rod is inserted in the hollow groove, one end of the rotating rod runs through the hollow groove and rotates and connects with the inner side wall of the connecting groove, the other end of the rotating rod runs through the base, and there is a rotational connection between the rotating rod and the base. Two first gears are arranged on the fixing sleeve of the rotating rod, the two first gears are respectively located in two connecting slots, and a second gear meshing with the first gear is arranged in the connecting groove. The upper end of the second gear runs through the connecting groove and is fixedly connected with a connecting rod, and a mounting block is arranged directly above the base. By adjusting and setting the transmission mechanism, the utility model drives the rotation to adjust the rotation and tilt angle, so as to improve the accuracy of welding, so that the production quality is not affected.
A lawn mowing robot includes a box with an opening at the top, a number of vertical lifting rods are fixed on the inner wall of the top of the box, the extension direction of the lifting rod is downward, and the tops of the lifting rods are fixedly connected by a horizontal support plate. The bottom of the support plate is provided with a T-shaped groove with a cross-section of T-shaped blocks, and the bottom of several T-shaped blocks are fixed and connected by a horizontal tooth ring, and the tooth ring is an inner tooth structure. The gear ring is located in the center of the bottom surface of the support plate, and the first gear with a power plant is movably installed through the bearing, and the rotation shaft of the first gear is located at the center of the gear ring. Collect the garbage into the collection box while walking, clean up the garbage on the lawn without picking up the garbage manually, reduce the labor intensity of the staff, make the lawn more beautiful, and protect the first blade to avoid collision between solid waste and the first blade, causing damage to the first blade and affecting the use of the first blade.
The invention relates to a fine surface treatment system for gear manufacturing, which comprises a power device, a clamping device and a gear rotating device. The left end of the power device is fixedly equipped with a clamping device, and the right end of the power plant is fixedly equipped with a gear rotating device. The invention can solve the following difficult problems existing in the existing gear tooth slot deburring: first, it is not convenient to manually remove the gear tooth slot burr, and the burr removal is not complete; second, when the machine removes the gear tooth slot burr, it is not possible to deburr many types of gears and the removal of burr is insufficient. Third, when the machine is polishing, the iron filings can not be removed in time, which has an impact on the smoothness of the tooth grooves, which can realize the function of intelligently removing the gear tooth slot burr, and the grinding of the gear tooth slot is more sufficient and uniform, and the grinding effect of the gear is better. Greatly improve the work efficiency.
The utility model relates to a welding fixing device, comprising a base and a telescopic assembly: a sliding track is arranged on the base, and more than two fixing mechanisms are arranged on the sliding track. More than two fixing mechanisms can slide relatively along the extension direction of the sliding track, and the fixing mechanism is used for fixing the bus of the battery unit on the pole column of the battery unit. The telescopic assembly is respectively connected with each of the fixed mechanisms, and the telescopic assembly is configured so that when any of the fixed mechanisms moves up the sliding track extension direction, the other fixed mechanisms slide relatively along the sliding track extension direction to change the distance between the fixed mechanisms. Different from the prior art, the utility model can correspondingly adjust the distance between the fixing mechanisms to adapt to the battery monomer of different sizes and reduce the replacement time and cost of the welding fixing device.
The utility model provides a safety protection circuit for a robot workstation, which comprises a robot control circuit and an operation preparation circuit; the operation preparation circuit comprises a safety light screen circuit, an operation preparation instruction circuit and a robot servo circuit; the operation preparation circuit is correspondingly provided with an operation preparation safety circuit The operation preparation safety circuit comprises a main control PLC and a safety relay CRLC, a safety relay CR1X and a safety relay CR2X; connected therewith; the safety relay CRLC accesses the fixture safety light screen circuit; the safety relay CR1X accesses the operation preparation instruction circuit; and the safety relay CR2X is connected to the robot servo circuit. The safety light screen circuit is connected with the operation preparation instruction circuit, and after the operation preparation instruction circuit is connected with the robot servo circuit, the ordinary relay CR1M is connected. The safety protection circuit of the robot workstation of the utility model improves the safety, has strong expansibility and reduces the injury caused by manual misoperation.
The invention provides a part and a method for manufacturing the combination of metal and ceramic based on the direct metal laser sintering technology. the metal and ceramic parts include a lower part established by the direct metal laser sintering technology. the lower part has an inner cavity for implanting a ceramic part, in which a ceramic part and a cover are contained, and the cover is positioned above the ceramic part. The upper part of the panel and the lower parts are connected with the upper parts established by the direct metal laser sintering technology. The invention combines the advantages of the direct metal laser sintering technology, can manufacture complex metal-ceramic composite parts, can customize various jewelry according to different requirements, and has the advantages of firmly combining metals and ceramics.
The invention relates to the field of air spring processing, in particular to an air spring two-way twisting ball head machine, comprising a worktable, a feeding mechanism, a mobile mechanism, a small end assembly mechanism, a big end assembly mechanism and a material storage mechanism. The worktable is provided with a big end support table and a small end support table, a number of resistance frames are respectively arranged on the big end support table and the small end support table, and a correction baffle is arranged on the big end support table. A correction push plate is arranged on the small end support platform, the moving mechanism includes a material transfer rack, several holding slots are arranged on the material transfer rack, and two clamping assemblies are arranged at one end of the material transfer rack, and the large end assembly mechanism includes a big end ball head feeding assembly and a large end ball head spinning assembly. The small end assembly mechanism includes a small end ball head feeding assembly and a small end ball head spinning assembly, and the feeding mechanism includes a feeding rack, and the material storage mechanism includes a material storage bin. The storage bin is located at the other end of the material transfer rack, and the equipment can automatically and accurately twist the ball ends of the air spring to improve production efficiency.
The invention provides an intelligent diaphragm and a laser automatic calibration method. The intelligent diaphragm is composed of a plurality of crystalline silicon photocells with a closed and centrally symmetrical structure, a diaphragm aperture surrounded by the plurality of crystalline silicon photocells and an internal structure. Using the automatic calibration method, the laser to be calibrated passes through the intelligent diaphragm through the reflection of the electrically adjustable mirror frame, and the intelligent diaphragm converts the received optical signal to the voltage signal output of the corresponding number of channels. The current / voltage conversion circuit comparator transmits the obtained voltage signal data value to the electric adjusting mirror frame controller, and controls the optical path through the electric adjusting lens frame to adjust so that the spot center of the laser to be calibrated passing through the intelligent diaphragm coincides with the center of the intelligent diaphragm, so as to realize the automatic calibration of the laser to be calibrated. The intelligent diaphragm scheme provided by the invention encapsulates the silicon photocell, which is low in cost and easy to implement. The laser can be collimated quickly and conveniently, and the high-precision collimating laser output can be obtained.
The invention discloses a hanger for a hollow trapezoidal concrete block in the hoisting technical field, comprising a hanging platform, the bottom of which is connected with a clamping mechanism through a superposition unit, and a limited position mechanism is arranged on the clamping mechanism. a plurality of superposition units are arranged and are superimposed on each other in turn, the clamping mechanism is connected with a centering mechanism, and a measuring mechanism is arranged on both sides of the platform. The bottom of the measuring mechanism is connected with the centering mechanism, and the bottom of the platform is provided with a climbing mechanism running through the platform. The hollow trapezoidal concrete block can be easily hoisted and sunk into the bottom of the river, so that the hollow trapezoidal concrete block can be laid at the end of the river bottom to form a Yangtze River channel to protect the survival of fish. the invention can be used for hoisting hollow trapezoidal concrete blocks.
The invention discloses a clothing conveying mechanism of a clothes folding machine, which comprises a rotatable upload driving wheel, a rotatable lower driving wheel, the lower driving wheel being located below the upper driving wheel, and a synchronous belt, wherein the synchronous belt is arranged on the upper driving wheel and the lower driving wheel, and the synchronous belt is provided with a hook for hooking the clothes hanger The conveying driving device is connected with at least one of the upper driving wheel and the lower driving wheel. The clothing conveying mechanism of the clothes folding machine according to the embodiment of the invention can realize the transportation of the clothes hanger hung with clothes, facilitate the separation of the clothes hanger and complete the continuous transportation of the clothes.
The utility model relates to a chain bag filling and packaging machine, which comprises a frame, a small bag conveying mechanism, a bag picking and placing mechanism, a bag opening and shaping device, a material filling mechanism and a sealing mechanism. the small bag conveying mechanism, the bag picking and placing mechanism, the bag opening and shaping device, the material filling mechanism and the sealing mechanism are respectively installed on the frame, and the small bag conveying mechanism extends longitudinally along the frame. The bag taking and placing mechanism, bag opening and shaping device, material filling mechanism and sealing mechanism are distributed along the small bag conveying mechanism according to the small bag conveying path. The utility model uses a mold instead of a clamping mechanism to transport a small bag, which effectively avoids the adverse effect of narrowing the opening of the bag caused by the conveying equipment. on the basis of the original sucker type bag opening mechanism, a bag shaping mechanism is added to unfold and shape the small bag, so that the small bag can be fully unfolded for material filling, so it is especially suitable for filling materials in small bags.
The invention relates to the technical field of automatic sowing, in particular to an automatic sowing device and a sowing method based on big data, which comprises a shell, a driving wheel is symmetrically arranged on the left and right sides of the bottom of the shell, a driving rod is arranged on the right side of the top of the shell, a feed port is arranged on the left side of the driving part, the bottom of the feed port is connected with a first folding pipe, and one end of the first folding pipe is connected with the bottom of the feed port. The other end of the first folding pipe is connected with a control device, the top and the right wall of the control device are connected with the inner wall of the shell, and the left bottom of the control device is connected with a second folding pipe, the end of the second folding pipe is connected with an outlet, the bottom of the discharge port is connected with the bottom of the shell, and the left side of the feed inlet is provided with an operation panel. The invention can effectively overcome the defect that the traditional seeder in the prior art can not monitor the soil environmental information in real time and accurately sow the quantity so as to improve the crop yield.
The invention relates to a welding torch angle adjusting device, comprising a base, wherein a movable seat is arranged along the horizontal slide, a rear rack is welded on the upper side of the rear part of the movable seat, and a front rack is welded on the lower side of the front part of the movable seat; the rear rack is meshed with a rear gear, and the front rack is meshed with a front gear; the rear gear and the front gear are connected through a bearing with a central shaft installed on the base through the bearing seat. A ratchet is arranged in the middle of the central shaft through a key, and the upper parts of the rear gear and the front gear are hinged with a pawl matched with the ratchet of the ratchet; the front part of the central shaft is fixedly equipped with a welding torch. The invention has a high degree of automation and unidirectionally pushes the ratchet rotation through the pawl, which can not only effectively control the welding torch to adjust the single-direction angle rotation, but also control the sliding direction to be variable, which is not only convenient to control, but also saves materials.
The utility model relates to a seeder, in particular to a seeder with the function of agricultural fertilization, comprising a frame, on which a sowing mechanism and a seed box are installed, an anti-blocking air pump and a fertilizer box are respectively installed on the rack, a fertilizer conveying cylinder connected with the fertilizer box is also installed on the lower side of the frame, and a material control breaking mechanism is installed in the fertilizer conveying cylinder. One end of the fertilizer conveying cylinder is equipped with a rotating motor for driving the rotation of the material breaking mechanism, and the lower side of the frame is also equipped with a trenching plough through a supporting angle adjusting assembly, and a sowing pipe and a fertilizer application pipe are respectively installed on the supporting angle adjusting assembly at the back end of the trenching plough. and the sowing pipe is connected with the sowing mechanism through the seed conveying hose, and the fertilizing pipe is connected with the fertilizer conveying barrel through the fertilizer conveying hose. The trenching assembly of the utility model is convenient to adjust the angle, which not only has the function of sowing, but also has the function of fertilizing, so as to improve the working efficiency and the survival rate of seeds.
The invention discloses a loading device for rotary measurement of cylindrical parts, comprising a positioning mechanism for carrying cylindrical parts, and a friction driving mechanism arranged on one side of the positioning mechanism to drive the rotation of the cylindrical parts. the friction driving mechanism comprises a base column, a U-shaped bracket fixed at the upper end of the base column, and a rotating shaft which is connected with the motor output shaft and rotatably arranged on the bracket. The driving pulley fixed with the rotating shaft can be rotationally fixed on the connecting block on the rotating shaft, and the driven pulley is fixedly arranged relative to the connecting block and connected with the driving pulley through belt transmission. The loading device of the invention uses the V-shaped positioning frame at both ends to support, the support is stable and the loading is convenient, and has a reasonable support angle, which ensures that the cylindrical part will not be separated from the double V-shaped positioning mechanism when rotating; the rotatable setting of the connecting block of the friction driving mechanism makes the angle and pressure of the belt arbitrarily adjustable, that is, the compression force and the belt covering angle can be arbitrarily adjusted to ensure that the phenomenon of loss and skidding will not occur in the process of measurement.
The invention discloses a self-wiping type monitoring camera for industrial automation production, which comprises an intermediate connecting circular plate. The center of the top surface of the intermediate connecting circular plate is provided with a hanging beam extending upward, and the top of the hanging beam is provided with a hanging plate. The camera protective shell is installed under the middle connecting circular plate, and an automatic wiping device is arranged on the outer wall of the camera protective shell. The automatic wiping device includes a pair of lifting cylinders. The piston rods of the two lifting cylinders pass through the middle connecting circular plate and are connected with a circular connecting seat, and the inner circular wall of the annular connecting seat is provided with a wiping sponge, which is attached to the outer wall of the camera protection shell. The invention has the advantages that it can wipe itself when the camera casing is covered with more dust, and the wiping device has the functions of automatic lifting and rotation, clears thoroughly, and does not block the line of sight of the camera meat, and has a high degree of automation. the effect is good.
The invention provides an automatic tipping device for a ton bag, which relates to the technical field of material disassembly machinery, which comprises a supporting device, a flipping device, a clamping device, a pushing device, a unloading bucket and a hydraulic station. the supporting device comprises a support, a connecting plate, a seat frame, a backing plate and a supporting plate. The flipping device comprises a seat bearing I, a left shaft and a right shaft, and the clamping device is fixed at the circular hole of the unloading bucket. The driving device includes a seat bearing II, a shaft, a hydraulic cylinder II, a positioning seat, a connecting rod, a bearing and a bearing end cover. The invention can realize the automation in the unloading process, the main function object is the transportation of coal, the direct contact between operators and dust can be reduced, the working environment is well improved, and the ton bag can be recycled to effectively prevent environmental pollution.
The invention provides a construction machinery, a hydraulic excavator (1) having a wireless authentication device (52) which performs wireless-based authentication with a portable key device (51) And a car body controller (48) which starts the engine (15) according to the authentication performed by the wireless authentication device (52) and the operation of the start switch (12), and the wireless authentication device (52) transmits a request signal to the authentication range, and authenticates upon receipt of the ID code for authentication returned from the portable key device (51) according to the transmitted request signal. Even if the door lock lever (13) is switched to the unlocked position, when the portable key device (51) is outside the authentication range, the car body controller (48) also prohibits the drive of hydraulic actuators (5e, 5F, 5G, 5H, 2e, 2F, 3A).
The invention discloses a semi-automatic flower planting device, which comprises a frame, a matrix feeding device, a flowerpot grasping system and a flower planting station. The matrix feeding device comprises a spiral feeding mechanism, a matrix dividing feeding mechanism and an indexing turntable mechanism. The spiral feeding mechanism, the matrix dividing feeding mechanism and the indexing turntable mechanism are all supported on the frame. The flowerpot grasping system comprises a flowerpot storage mechanism, a flowerpot loading and unloading mechanism, a blanking conveying line and a blanking transfer mechanism, and the flowerpot storage mechanism, flowerpot loading and unloading mechanism, blanking conveying line and blanking transfer mechanism are all supported on the frame. It can realize the automatic grasping of the flowerpot and the automatic feeding of the matrix, improve the work efficiency, reduce the intensity of personnel work, and have a high degree of automation.
The invention relates to the technical field of robots and provides an independent mapping method and a device for indoor mobile robots. The method includes that the robot acquires the map information and the current position state information of the robot; the robot calculates the effective observation points according to the map information and the current position state information of the robot to obtain the set of effective observation points; according to the preset retrieval strategy, traverses the effective observation points in the set of effective observation points Until all the effective observation points in the effective observation point set are observed, the establishment of the map information of the current area is completed. The invention provides a kind of self-learning, self-adjusting observation point, and can complete the establishment of map information without any map-related information import environment. It has high application value in similar fields such as household sweeping robot and exploration robot.
The utility model discloses a tapping machine for cross beam processing which is convenient to adjust and fix, which comprises a body and a second motor. The left side of the body is provided with a first motor, and the first motor is connected with the first rotating shaft. The first rotating shaft runs through the left wall of the body and is connected with the first screw, and the first screw is rotated and connected on the inner wall of the body, and the second motor is arranged on the rear side of the body. And the second motor is connected with the second rotating shaft, the second rotating shaft is connected with the second screw through the side wall of the body, and the second screw is rotated and connected on the inner wall of the body, and the second screw runs through the lifting bracket. and tapping devices are arranged on the lifting frame. The tapping machine for beam processing is convenient to adjust, and a first hydraulic telescopic rod, a splint and a damping pad are arranged on the rack, and the splint is pushed to clamp the workpiece stably under the action of the first hydraulic telescopic rod. At the same time, the shock absorber pad can reduce the influence of vibration on the workpiece during tapping processing.
The utility model relates to the field of welding equipment, in particular to row-insert welding equipment. The welding equipment comprises a machine, a welding torch, a welding torch moving mechanism, a platform plate, a fixture moving track, a fixture poking mechanism, a linear module, a transition track, a fixture and a loading and unloading mechanism. Four welding torch moving mechanisms, platform plates, two fixture moving tracks for sliding fixtures, two parallel linear modules and loading and unloading mechanisms are installed on the machine platform, and the two fixture moving tracks are parallel to each other. The platform plate is located above the moving track of the fixture. In this application, the fixture is placed on the rectangular track composed of two fixture moving tracks and two linear modules through the loading and unloading mechanism to transmit the rectangular track. The moving mechanism of the fixture is used to drive the fixture to move on the moving track. The same fixture moves on the rectangular track, and the row insertion on the fixture is moved under the four torches for welding at four points. This application improves the efficiency of row welding.
The invention discloses a design method and a radial bearing of air foil radial bearing considering hierarchical load based on cosine wave, and its technical key points: the outer foil and the inner foil are provided with a cosine wave support unit, and a hierarchical load elastic cylinder is arranged between the cosine wave support unit and the outer foil. The nearest distance between the vertex of the cosine wave support unit and the graded load elastic cylinder is recorded as s, that is, s ≥ s, the cosine wave support unit and the graded load elastic cylinder work together; s < s, the cosine wave support unit works, but the graded load elastic cylinder does not. The invention aims to provide a design method of air foil radial bearing considering hierarchical load based on cosine wave, and a radial bearing to improve the bearing capacity of air foil radial bearing.
The invention provides a robot system, which uses a robot arranged near the handling device to work efficiently on the articles transported by the handling device, and can further effectively end the operation of the articles. The robot system is provided with a handling device, an article retention section (4) arranged in a midway position in the handling direction, capable of blocking the object (O) without stopping the operation of the handling device, a robot operating on the article, a control device, an article deceleration section capable of reducing the speed of the object in the working area, and a movement detection section that detects the amount of movement of the object. The article detection section detects the position of the article closer to the upstream side than the operation area; and the production management section determines that the object is blocked at the end of the operation in the operation area and reduces the speed of the article. The control device calculates the current position based on the position of the detected item and the movement amount of the detected object, so that the robot follows the object and causes the operation to be executed.
The utility model relates to the technical field of a fixture, in particular to a sheet metal welding fixture, which comprises a worktable, a turntable, a track and a clamping part. the turntable is arranged above the worktable, and the turntable and the worktable are rotationally installed. The track is fixedly installed on the axis line of the rotary table, and the track is sliding connected with two mobile sleeves, and the mobile sleeve is fixedly installed with clamping parts. The clamping part comprises a hydraulic cylinder, a connecting seat, a splint and a limiting rod, two hydraulic cylinders are arranged on the moving sleeve, a connecting seat is fixedly arranged between the cylinder bodies of the two hydraulic cylinders, and the piston rod of the hydraulic cylinder protrudes the fixed connecting splint vertically, and the limiting rod is fixedly connected with the connecting seat through the central position of the splint. The utility model can adapt to the sheet metal parts of different sizes by rotating the table, clamping parts and tracks, and can rotate the rotating table to change the position of the sheet metal parts after clamping, thereby making the welding more convenient.
The utility model relates to the technical field of punch driving, and discloses a driving mechanism of a punch for aluminum plate processing, comprising a bottom plate, the top of the bottom plate is fixedly connected with an organic frame, and the top of the inner side of the frame is rotated and connected with a main shaft, the left end of the main shaft runs through and extends to the left side of the frame, the bottom of the inner side of the frame is rotated and connected with a rotating shaft, and the left end of the rotating shaft runs through and extends to the left side of the frame. A motor is fixedly installed on the left side of the frame, the output shaft of the motor is fixedly connected with a first turntable, the main shaft and the left end of the rotating shaft are both connected with a second turntable, and a transmission belt is connected between the two second turntable and the first turntable. The part of the spindle located on the inside of the frame is rotationally connected with a connecting block, and the bottom of the connecting block is hinged with a stamping mechanism. The utility model solves the problem that the traditional punch uses two motors to drive the stamping die and the concave die respectively for stamping work, resulting in high cost.
The invention discloses a tool preparation device, belonging to the field of tool processing and preparation, which is characterized in that: the tool body pushing device comprises a mounting seat, on which a tool body storage chamber and a push cylinder are fixed; the tool body alignment device includes a support, a lifting cylinder is fixed on the support, a bracket is fixed on the lifting cylinder, and a stepper motor is fixed on the bracket The blade placement device comprises a fixed seat, a push piece cylinder and a rotating cylinder are arranged on the fixed seat, a biaxial cylinder is fixed on the rotary cylinder, and a parallel clip is fixed on the biaxial cylinder; the blade welding device comprises a vertical seat, and an electromagnetic heater is fixed on the vertical seat, one side of the pedestal is fixed with a first wire feeder, and the other side is fixed with a second wire feeder. The invention can continuously transport the knife body, quickly find the installation position of the blade corresponding to the knife body slot, quickly take out the blade for installation, and weld the parts where the blade is in contact with the knife body from both sides at the same time to ensure the uniformity of welding and welding effect.
The invention relates to the field of laser processing technology and non-destructive testing, in particular to a laser shock on-line detection method and device based on sound wave frequency characteristics. The device consists of a sampling circuit, a laser impulse sound wave frequency signal library and a system program, in which the sampling circuit includes an acoustic wave collector, a low-pass filter, a common collector amplifier circuit and an Ahammer D converter. The system program consists of three subroutines: time-frequency conversion subroutine, signal processing subroutine and control subroutine. By detecting the measured acoustic frequency signal in the process of laser shock and comparing it with the acoustic frequency signal in the signal library, the on-line detection of laser shock effect is realized.
The invention belongs to the field of oil and gas well production, in particular to an injection method of an intelligent remote controlled clean tracer injection device. A hole-shaped water injection top cover is arranged on the top of the mixing box, and a water injection pipe is arranged on the hole-shaped water injection top cover. A third flow monitoring control valve is arranged in the water injection pipe; an intelligent induction plate is arranged on the mixing box, a mixing paddle rod is arranged in the mixing box, and a stirring paddle is arranged on the mixing paddle rod The side wall of the mixing box is connected with a tracer filling pipe and a pressure pump; the bottom of the mixing box is connected with a liquid outlet pipe and a waste water pipe; a first flow monitoring control valve is arranged in the liquid outlet pipe; and a second flow monitoring control valve is arranged in the waste water pipe. The invention can remotely control the amount of liquid injected and discharged, monitor whether there is tracer residue in the mixing box, reduce manpower and material resources, control the residue of pollutants at the same time, and realize a clean tracer injection process.
The invention discloses a braking device for a rotating shaft of a building tower crane, which comprises a main mounting plate. By using the liquid power in the same driving source, the invention can brake the inner round end face and the outer side of the rotating column in a relative position, realize omni-directional friction contact, increase the contact area, reduce the pressure on the surface of the parts during braking, ensure the service life of the parts, and guarantee the braking strength. The device has a spiral spring compression contact type maximum liquid pressure difference control mechanism to prevent the deformation of hollow rotating column caused by excessive liquid pressure difference, and the device has a circular array spiral spring contact type maximum rotation strength control mechanism to prevent the occurrence of steel wire fracture caused by excessive braking strength during braking. The device has a rotary shaft thread structure mounting and fixing mechanism, which can install and fix shafts with different diameters.
The invention discloses a device for conveying and transferring building materials in the same direction, which comprises a main supporting beam, a crossbeam plate is arranged on the main supporting beam, a sliding cylinder is arranged on the crossbeam plate, an L-shaped connecting frame is arranged on the front side wall of the taxiing cylinder, the top surface of the bottom plate of the L-shaped connecting frame is provided with a lifting cylinder, and the piston rod of the lifting cylinder passes through the bottom plate of the L-shaped connecting frame and is connected with a mobile protective cover. The lower part of the crossbeam plate is provided with a fixed conveyor belt and a sliding conveyor belt, and an intermediate transport platform is arranged between the fixed conveyor belt and the movable conveyor belt. The invention is composed of a fixed conveyor belt and a movable conveyor belt, an intermediate transport platform is arranged between the two conveyor belts, and a transfer device is arranged above the two conveyor belts, thereby realizing the flexible transportation of building materials and improving transportation efficiency and safety.
The invention provides a paddy field operating machine, comprising a body, a front wheel, a rear axle box, a rear wheel, a variable speed assembly and a steering linkage. The rear axle box includes a transmission shaft linked with the transmission assembly, two gears located at the left and right ends of the transmission shaft and meshing with the two rear wheels, and a clutch mechanism Each clutch mechanism includes a spline sleeve slidably connected to the transmission shaft, a clutch box connected to the gear and matched with the spline sleeve through friction parts, and a drive assembly for switching between the engagement position and the separation position of the drive spline sleeve, and the drive assembly is movably connected with the steering linkage. When the paddy field machine turns, the driving component of the clutch mechanism corresponding to the rear wheel on the central side of the turn drives the spline sleeve to move axially along the transmission shaft so that the clutch mechanism switches from the engagement state to the separation state, and the rear wheel on the central side of the turn becomes a state in which the rear wheel rotates appropriately along with the turn, thereby reducing the damage of the rear wheel to the field during steering.
The invention relates to a UAV spraying system and a spraying method based on traversing voyage points, belonging to the technical field of UAV spraying. Wherein, the UAV spraying system includes a UAV and a power supply, a control unit, a navigation unit and a spraying unit mounted on the UAV. The spraying unit includes a medicine box, a nozzle connected with the medicine box, and a flow regulating valve arranged between the medicine box outlet and the nozzle inlet. The power supply is electrically connected with the control unit, the navigation unit and the spraying unit to supply power for their normal operation. The navigation unit outputs navigation signals to the control unit, and the control unit outputs the control signal to the spraying unit to control the spraying state.; the control unit includes a processor for controlling the spraying unit to spray for a preset time when the UAV flies to a preset hovering position. The UAV spraying system can well solve the existing technical problems of continuous spraying, that is, the imbalance of spraying caused by uncertain flight speed and attitude in the process of spraying.
The utility model relates to the processing technical field, in particular to a press assembly welding assembly line system, which comprises a frame, a material dividing device, a material dividing device installed on the frame and used for dividing the first workpiece, and a foot fixing device. the foot device is installed on the frame and is used to foot the second workpiece. The angle correction device is installed on the frame and is used for angle correction of the second workpiece after the whole foot. The angle correction device includes a visual identification mechanism for identifying the angle of the second workpiece. The first transfer device conveys the finished workpiece to the end of the welding device, and the fifth conveying device transports the finished workpiece located on the first transfer device to the welding device, and the finished workpiece is welded automatically on the welding device. it is transported through the second transfer device and carried to the finished product placement area under the grab of the sixth conveying device, so as to realize the automation of assembly of the first workpiece and the second workpiece, and the whole assembly line realizes automatic operation. The production efficiency is improved.
The invention relates to a spherical roller bearing (1), comprising an outer ring (2) having at least one inner raceway (21), an inner ring (3), having first and second outer raceways (31, 32), and a plurality of roller elements (4). The first and second roller rows (41, 42) are arranged between the at least one inner raceway (21) and the corresponding first and second outer raceways (31, 32), and the cage (5) For guiding and / or maintaining the roller element (4) in the first and second roller columns (41, 42). The cage (5) has a plurality of cage pocket holes (51), and one of the roller elements (4) is designed to be located in each cage pocket hole (51). The bearing also has a specific pitch diameter (PCD), and the cage (5) is a pitch roller centered relative to the pitch diameter (PCD). In addition, a bearing device is also disclosed.
The invention provides a method for intelligently generating a box loading scheme based on multiple constraint conditions, combined with the actual situation of the box loading, and on the basis of fully considering the main factors affecting the box transportation safety and the box utilization rate. the balanced loading optimization model of the box is constructed, the corresponding solving algorithm is designed, that is, the packing algorithm including the balance adjustment algorithm is designed, and the loading scheme of three-dimensional graphics is given. The system can quickly and effectively find out the balanced packing scheme of the goods in the box, and guide the on-site workers to load the goods quickly and accurately.
The utility model provides a welding equipment with anti-spatter function, belonging to the technical field of welding equipment, which comprises a table, a fixed leg, a power distribution cabinet, a T-shaped track, a protective device, a first fixed plate and a movable plate. The four corners of the bottom surface of the table are welded with fixed legs, the right side of the upper surface of the table is welded with a distribution cabinet, and the outer side of the upper surface of the table is welded with a T-shaped track. The upper surface of the T-shaped track is embedded with a protective device, the inner surface of the T-shaped track is embedded with a first fixed plate, the inner side of the upper surface of the table is welded with a second fixed plate, the left and right sides of the inner surface of the second fixed plate are threaded with rubber head bolts, the left and right sides of the upper surface of the table are embedded with embedded grooves, and movable plates are embedded in the embedded slots. By setting a vertical plate and a water plate on the protective device, the spark spattered at the welding place in the welding process is blocked by the vertical plate and the water plate, so that it is not easy to hurt people.
The invention discloses a lifting device for automobile maintenance with automatic alignment function, which comprises a lifting bracket, on which a lifting structure is installed, and an automatic correcting structure and a lifting fixed structure are installed on the lifting structure The beneficial effect of the invention is that the automobile is extruded horizontally by the automatic correction structure, whether the correction part is extruded and fixed with the wheel is measured by a plurality of pressure sensors, and the front and rear ends of the vehicle are fixed by the lifting limit structure, so that the vehicle is squeezed in the horizontal direction, and the telescopic fixed rod in the lifting fixed structure is extended to the lifting bracket for auxiliary fixation. The pressure of the hydraulic push rod is reduced, the stability of the correction plate is ensured, and the fall of the correction plate is avoided by two pairs of supporting columns.
The utility model discloses a positioning welding machine for steel structure processing which is convenient for cleaning welding edges, which comprises a base and a welding sprinkler. The welding spray head is located on the top of the base, and the top of the base is fixedly connected with a first electric push rod. The output end of the first electric push rod is fixedly connected with a fixed platform, the top of the fixed platform is provided with an installation groove, and the installation groove is connected with a transmission mechanism. A limited position mechanism is connected on the transmission mechanism, and a grinding mechanism is connected on the base. Through the cooperation between the grinding mechanisms, the utility model enables the grinding block to grind the welding position of the two steel structures after welding, which ensures the smoothness of the welding position, solves the uneven situation of the welding surface of the traditional welding machine after welding the steel structure, effectively improves the normal use efficiency of the welded steel structure, and can adjust the first electric push rod. Ensure that the welded position fits at the bottom of the grinding block.
The invention relates to a welding device, more specifically, a multi-functional high-altitude automatic welding robot comprising a mounting base, a mobile device, a position adjustment device, a height adjustment device, a weldment parallel device and a welding device. it is realized that the moving device moves on the high-altitude wall, and the position adjustment device adjusts the lateral position of the parallel device of the weldment. The height adjustment device can adjust the height position of the parallel device of the weldment, the height of the parallel device of the weldment can adjust the height of the two weldments, and the welding device can weld the replacement parts, etc., the mobile device is installed and fixed on the installation base, the position adjustment device is installed and fixed on the installation base, the height adjustment device is fixed on the moving bottom device, and the parallel device of the weldment is installed and fixed on the moving inner rod.
An auxiliary teaching tool for a non-contact welding robot is provided, which includes an auxiliary teaching accurate point-to-point tool including a sleeve Ⅰ, a sleeve Ⅱ and a sleeve Ⅲ. The front port of the sleeve Ⅰ cavity is provided with a convex lens Ⅰ, the sleeve Ⅱ is arranged at the back of the sleeve Ⅰ cavity, the front port of the sleeve Ⅱ cavity is provided with a convex lens Ⅱ, the front part of the sleeve Ⅲ is arranged at the back of the sleeve Ⅱ cavity, and the sleeve Ⅲ cavity is provided with a light source. Axial movement occurs between sleeve Ⅰ and sleeve Ⅱ to adjust the distance between convex lens Ⅰ and light source, and axial movement occurs between sleeve Ⅲ and sleeve Ⅱ to adjust the distance between convex lens Ⅱ and light source. The rear end of the sleeve Ⅲ is provided with a positioning connection block, and the rear end of the positioning connection block is connected with the head of the welding torch through a fixed assembly, and the light beam generated by the light source is collinear with the welding wire in the welding torch. The invention realizes non-contact teaching by pointing the beam at the target point, improves the teaching point-to-point efficiency of welding robot programming, and reduces the occurrence of accidents such as collision and interference in the teaching process.
The invention relates to the technical field of welding device and discloses a carbon dioxide automatic welding device and an automatic welding system. The carbon dioxide automatic welding device comprises a mobile welding device, a stop structure and a guide structure. The stop structure is arranged on one side of the mobile welding device. One end of the guide structure is connected with the mobile welding device, and the guide structure sets an angle between the mobile welding device and the stop structure. When the mobile welding device is walking, the mobile welding device connects the other end of the guide structure with the stop structure. With the carbon dioxide automatic welding device, even if the mobile welding device encounters welding slag, iron filings, etc., the mobile welding device will re-resist the stop structure, avoid deviation, and improve the welding quality and welding efficiency. The automatic welding system disclosed by the invention can prevent the deviation of the mobile welding device, improve the welding quality and meet the needs of users.
The invention relates to the field of automatic logistics handling route, in particular to an intelligent AGV dynamic handling route, which comprises an outer ring. Two horizontal routes are arranged in the outer ring. A vertical route extending out of the outer ring is connected on the horizontal route, and the vertical route corresponds to the sorting area, the full box area and the empty box area respectively. Compared with the prior art, the invention first carries out a planning for the walking route of the intelligent AGV car to achieve the optimal effect of the route, and reasonably arranges each area around the route according to the planning of the route, so as to reduce the walking conflict of the intelligent AGV car and realize the transportation efficiency and high efficiency of the car.
The utility model discloses a U-shaped machine ring and a silver spot welding device, which comprises a frame, a U-shaped machine ring feeding device, a U-shaped machine ring feeding device, a fixing table, a slide rail, a glue dispensing device, a silver point feeding device and a welding assembly. a worktable is arranged on the rack, a number of parallel slide rails are installed on the worktable, and a fixed platform is fixedly connected on the slide rail, and the fixed table is provided with a profiling groove which can be fixed for positioning the U-shaped machine ring. Through the slide rail to the dispensing device, the two ends of the U-ring are glued, and then the silver point is connected with the two ends of the U-ring through the silver point feeding device and positioned by glue, and finally the U-ring and the silver spot are welded by welding assembly. at the same time, the utility model locates and transports the U-ring to the designated position to bond the silver spot through a number of parallel slide rails and fixing platforms. Then through the slide rail and the fixed table, the U-ring is sent to the designated position for welding, which solves the problem of low efficiency of single feeding processing, and the structure is simple and convenient to operate.
The utility model relates to the technical field of mask production, in particular to a semi-automatic mask ear wire feeding and welding mechanism. The frame body is provided with a bracket, the bracket is provided with a welding assembly and a wire breaking assembly, and the frame body is provided with a wire feeding assembly and a wire drawing assembly; the wire drawing assembly is provided with a wire drawing block and a first cylinder, and the wire feeding assembly includes a gear set, a driving part and two chains, each chain is provided with a plurality of clamping posts, the welding assembly includes a lifting welding table, a welding column and a second cylinder, and the wire breaking assembly includes a cutter and a third cylinder. The utility model has the advantages of simple structure, low cost, simple debugging and high production flexibility, and the staff sends the mask between the welding table and the welding column, and the mask and the ear wire are fixed by ultrasonic spot welding through the cooperation of the welding column and the welding stage. the mask after the welding ear wire is tangent operated by the wire break assembly, and the subsequent ear wire is sent to the bracket to supplement through the cable drawing assembly and the wire feeding assembly. It is convenient to weld the ear wire of the next mask.
The utility model discloses a mask spot welding machine, wherein a support frame is arranged on one side of the upper surface of the worktable, the support frame has an L structure, the upper surface of the support frame is provided with a hydraulic cylinder, and the lower surface of the support frame is provided with a hydraulic rod. The upper end of the hydraulic rod is fixedly connected with the support frame, the lower end of the hydraulic rod is connected with the welding joint, the positioning component is arranged above the worktable, the positioning frame is hollow inside, and the positioning frame is arranged in the middle of the upper surface of the worktable. A supporting block is arranged on the lower side of the positioning frame, the positioning plate is arranged above the positioning frame through a telescopic rod, the upper end of the telescopic rod is fixedly connected with the lower surface of the positioning plate, the lower end of the telescopic rod is fixedly connected with the upper surface of the supporting block, and both sides of the worktable are provided with supporting legs. Through the positioning plate and the positioning frame in the positioning assembly, the utility model can place the mask in the positioning frame, so that the welding joint carries out welding ear rope on the side of the mask through the positioning port and the welding interface, and reduces the operation of the operator to confirm the welding position, which is practical.
The utility model discloses a traction bracket for a multimedia display curtain wall, which comprises a mounting frame assembly. A set of fixing plates are respectively penetrated inside the mounting frame assemblies of the two groups, and a moving plate fixing frame is fixed on the fixing plate by welding. The other end of the mobile plate fixing frame on the left side is fixed by welding with a first moving plate, and the first moving plate is arranged inside the first moving plate. A second moving plate is fixed under the mobile plate fixing frame on the right by welding, a second screw is arranged inside the second moving plate, and a first mounting rod is arranged between the first screw and the second screw. a second mounting rod is fixed under the first mounting rod by welding, two groups of concave hanging grooves are respectively arranged on the first mounting rod and the second mounting rod, and a set of hooks are respectively hung in the four groups of concave hanging grooves. The utility model can realize the purpose of adjusting the high and low position of the curtain wall body, and can also save a large amount of loading and unloading time.
The invention provides a high-altitude parabolic monitoring method. Including setting up a camera on the top of the building according to the size of the building, monitoring the parabola on the side of the building, and sending the video file to the control center. The control center determines whether there is a parabolic situation by comparing the adjacent picture frames, and then finds the time stamp of the picture frame of the parabolic target for the first time and finds the images captured by all cameras at this time for binarization processing. get the binary image corresponding to each camera The Cartesian coordinate system corresponding to the room number is established along the building monitoring surface, the coordinate corresponding to each camera and the geometric relationship between the parabolic point and the camera are determined, and the parabolic coordinate corresponding to the parabolic point is calculated combined with the binary image. then get the room number corresponding to the parabolic coordinates. By establishing a Cartesian coordinate system along the monitoring side of the building, the room number of the parabolic can be quickly located according to the calculated parabolic coordinates, which is convenient for high-altitude parabolic tracking, education and accountability.
The invention relates to an image sensor comprising pixels (1), each pixel comprising a first transistor (118) and a first switch (120). The first transistor and the first switch are connected in series between the first node (124) and the internal node (122) of the pixel, and the gate of the first transistor (118) is coupled to the second node (106); a capacitive element (110) whose first terminal is connected to the second node And a plurality of components (A, B), each including a capacitor (128) in series with a second switch (130) coupled to an internal node, and a sensor comprising a circuit (150) configured to store a voltage in one of the components (A, B) each time The interruption of the current between the first node and the internal node is controlled by switching the first potential (Vech) applied to the second terminal (112) of the capacitive element Or disconnect the first switch (120).
The invention discloses a 3D printing device based on three-dimensional model data, which comprises a base plate. An extrusion mechanism, a longitudinal movement mechanism, an up and down movement mechanism, a rotation mechanism and a lateral movement mechanism are arranged at the top of the base plate from top to bottom. The 3D printing device based on 3D model data drives the plate to move left and right by controlling the first cylinder, rotates the plate by controlling the motor, drives the longitudinal moving mechanism and the plate up and down by controlling the expansion of the piston rod of the second cylinder, drives the plate forward and backward by controlling the third cylinder, and makes the liquid raw materials accumulate and solidify in different directions by controlling the movement of the plate in different directions. The printing of products of different shapes is completed, at the same time, it is convenient to print tubular products, and at the same time, the roundness of tubular products is improved, the aesthetics is improved, the quality of manufactured products is improved, the lubrication effect is improved, and the service life of the device is improved.
The invention discloses a mobile terminal, which comprises a memory, a processor and a method for adjusting screen display brightness stored on the memory and can be run on the processor. By obtaining a wearable device closely connected with the mobile terminal, it is judged whether the mobile terminal is in a locked screen state, if the mobile terminal is in a locked screen state. The first ambient light intensity data detected by the wearable device is collected in real time, the unlocking instruction is identified, and the screen of the mobile terminal is lit according to the first screen luminance value matched with the first ambient light intensity data. The method is mainly based on the fact that the current user owns both the mobile terminal and the wearable device, solves the problem of screen brightness adjustment delay after the existing mobile terminal is unlocked, and improves the user experience, improves the convenience of using the mobile terminal, and gives the user a better interactive experience.
The invention discloses 3D glasses and related systems. 3D glasses with RFID tags (embedded in one or more mirror legs) are leased to theaters or other venue operators. Glasses can be shipped to the place in a tray, distributed to customers and collected from customers. When the glasses are in the tray (for example, when shipped to the theater, collected from the theater, inspected by a 3D rental company, etc.), inventory and other measurements are performed through RFID scans. Data collected from RFID scans and inspections allow leasing companies to apportion lease costs appropriately to locations based on wear and tear, such as abnormal wear, damage, or theft attributable to and traceable to a particular location. Theaters or places can also scan pallets independently during transportation and acquisition to maintain their own records. The invention includes 3D glasses with RFID, a cleaning bracket and a leasing system.
The utility model provides a camera configuration system for omni-directional stereo vision. The camera configuration system mainly comprises at least four main camera lenses arranged on four reference lines which can form a rectangle, at least four secondary camera lenses, each main camera lens and each secondary camera lens can be arranged as rectangles along four datum lines at the same plane interval. The key to this application is that the optical axis of each secondary camera lens or each main camera lens can be rotated into two parts so that the optical axes of the camera lenses arranged on the same baseline are parallel to each other, and the optical axes of the camera lenses arranged on the same baseline are perpendicular to the reference line, so as to complete the camera correction. Therefore, at least two depth maps corresponding to each reference line can eliminate the occlusion area after performing the image fusion calculus, and then the unoccluded omni-directional depth map can be obtained by image stitching.
The preparation and application of a double halogenated perovskite photocatalyst with high efficiency for hydrogen production belong to the technical field of catalyst preparation. The dihalogen substitute perovskite photocatalyst was prepared by a simple process. The element content and band gap in perovskite crystals can be controlled by controlling the ratio of two halogens in the precursor solution. The preparation process of the catalyst is simple, the cost is low, and the reaction temperature is 40-110 ℃, atmospheric pressure. Under the condition of visible light, the obtained catalyst showed excellent catalytic activity without the assistance of precious metal platinum promoter.
The invention relates to a simple method for preparing a barium-tungsten cathode, belonging to the technical field of refractory metal cathode materials. The tungsten powder is put into the mold, and the tungsten cathode embryo is obtained by bi-directional pressing of the steel die; the alumina crucible with cathode billet is put into the device of auxiliary heat preservation and heating, and then put into the microwave resonant cavity together; heating up to 1000 ℃ at the rate of 30 ℃ / min, holding 10min, and pre-firing; then heating to 1400 ℃? 1500 ℃ at the rate of 40 ℃ / min, holding 10min, natural cooling to room temperature, and taking out. The prepared cathode was uniformly coated with a layer of 411 active salt, impregnated at 1650 ℃, then cooled to room temperature by water cooling, and then washed, dried and annealed to obtain barium tungsten cathode. The submicron barium tungsten cathode with good porosity structure was obtained, the nanometer active material appeared on the surface of the cathode, and the emission performance was improved.
The invention discloses an electrophoretic paint for aluminum profile, a preparation method and an aluminum profile prepared by electrophoresis. the electrophoretic paint comprises the following raw materials: acrylic acid, methyl methacrylate, butyl acrylate, hydroxyethyl methacrylate, glycerol monomethylacrylate, trimethylol propane trimethacrylate, trimethylol propane trimethacrylate and ethylene oxide bisphenol A dimethacrylate. By adopting the electrophoretic paint provided in the invention to treat aluminum profiles by electrophoretic treatment, two high energy consumption processes, anodizing and coloring, can be avoided, energy saving, environmental protection and stable quality.
The invention relates to the technical field of electromagnetic shielding materials, in particular to a production method of fully conductive high flexible metal foil tape and a high flexible metal foil tape. The outer layer of the high flexible metal foil tape is covered by a metal foil tape, and the current is conducted in the outer ring of the cross section of the fully conductive high flexible metal foil belt. The method of the invention adopts two or more groups of two-way extrusion scissors, extruding and shearing the metal foil with good ductility on both sides to the inner thin plastic baseband, extending and deforming the metal foil in the direction of the base band in the process of extrusion and shearing, and forming an effective lap joint between the two sides of the metal foil under the action of extrusion and shearing force, so that the double-sided integral metal layer of the high flexible metal foil runs through. The fully conducting high flexible metal foil belt of the invention reduces or eliminates the inductance caused by the annular path formed by the plastic insulation partition when the cable is wound or dragged longitudinally, avoids the attenuation loss of signal data, maintains the same impedance around the shielding layer, avoids electromagnetic wave leakage and improves shielding effectiveness.
The invention discloses a rare earth bonded magnetic powder and a preparation method thereof. The bonded magnetic powder has a multi-layer core-shell structure, comprising a core layer and an antioxidant layer, wherein the core layer is composed of RFeMB, R is Nd and / or PrNd,M is one or more of Co, Nb and Zr, and the core layer is coated with iron and nitrogen layer. In addition, the preparation method and the bonded magnet are also disclosed. The invention effectively avoids the oxidation and corrosion of the magnetic powder in the process of phosphating and subsequent treatment, and further improves the long-term temperature resistance and environmental tolerance of the material.
The invention relates to a negative electrode for lithium secondary battery and a preparation method thereof, which belongs to the field of chemical power supply. The invention is mainly composed of a raised array electrode framework, a nanometer alloy framework and an active metal lithium. The material of the raised array electrode skeleton with large aperture is any one of Cu, Al, Sn, Fe, Co, Ni, Zn and In. The nanometer alloy framework includes lithium element and non-lithium element, and the non-lithium element material includes at least one of Sn, Si, Cu, In, Al, Mg, Ge, Zn, Ni. The active metal lithium is filled in the pores of the nanometer alloy framework and fully contacted with the nanometer alloy skeleton to form a lithium-rich alloy, and the lithium-rich alloy is deposited in the pores of the protruding array electrode framework. The invention can prevent the collapse of the electrode caused by the structural destruction of the nano-skeleton during the long-term cycle, fully restrain the volume change of the electrode, improve the interface stability, and further improve the electrochemical performance of the lithium negative electrode.
The utility model relates to a high precision full hydraulic die forging hammer, which relates to a full hydraulic die forging hammer, which aims to solve the problem that in the prior art, after the impact of the upper die, the lower die is easy to shift, thus misplacing with the upper die, resulting in the reduction of the machining accuracy of the workpiece. The main technical scheme includes the casing, the hydraulic box arranged on the top wall of the casing, the hydraulic cylinder arranged in the hydraulic box and the impact hammer arranged on the working hydraulic cylinder. there is a gap on the side of the housing, and the impact hammer is located in the notch. the bottom wall of the notch is provided with a fixed groove, and the housing is provided with a fixed component. Before the start of processing, the fixed assembly fixed the lower die, and at the beginning of processing, the piston rod of the working hydraulic cylinder drove the impact hammer to move, the impact hammer pushed the upper die to hit the lower die, and the fixed component limited the movement range of the lower die, so as to reduce the possibility of offset of the lower die when the upper die impacted the lower die, thus reducing the possibility of offset between the relative position of the upper die and the lower die, and then improving the machining accuracy of the workpiece.
The invention discloses a preparation method of iron ion doped tungsten oxide hydrate covered foamed nickel catalytic electrode, which comprises the following steps: S1 foamed nickel pretreatment: removing surface dirt of foamed nickel and drying standby S2 prepares mixed liquid of iron ion source and tungsten source: S3 pours the mixed liquid in step S2 into polytetrafluoroethylene lining, and then puts the foam nickel obtained in step S1 into polytetrafluoroethylene lining, high pressure hydrothermal promotes the growth of iron ion doped tungsten oxide hydrate; S4 takes out the foam nickel in step S3, fully cleans and dries to obtain iron ion doped tungsten oxide hydrate covered foam nickel catalytic electrode. The tip discharge effect is formed on the surface of the electrode, which is expected to replace the precious metal electrode and greatly reduce the cost of electrocatalytic hydrogen production.
The invention provides a rare earth peroxotungstate derivative and a preparation method thereof. the chemical formula of the derivative is Cs [HDy (HO) PW (O) (OH) O] 18HO, the compound belongs to orthorhombic system, < I > Pnma < / I > space group, and the unit cell parameters are as follows: < I > a < / I > = 17.0505nm, < I > b < / I > = 28.1159, < I > c < / I > = 10.0844, < I > α = β = < / I > γ = 90 °, < I > V < / I > = 48343nm? It was prepared by the reaction of sodium tungstate, phosphoric acid and rare earth chloride in conventional aqueous solution in the presence of hydrogen peroxide. The material has certain luminescent properties, and the fluorescence lifetime is 8.72 μ s. In addition, the preparation process is simple and easy to operate, the raw materials are cheap and easy to obtain, the product has high yield and high purity, and has a potential application prospect.
The utility model discloses a copper plate surface anti-corrosion treatment device, which comprises a treatment box, the four corners of the bottom of the treatment box are fixedly connected with a support block, the front of the treatment box is movably connected with a box door through a movable pin, the right side of the front of the box door is fixedly connected with a handle, the inner wall of the treatment box is fixedly connected with a placing net plate, and both sides of the bottom of the placing net plate are fixedly connected with a guide plate. The utility model achieves the advantage of protecting the health of workers by setting a guide plate, a liquid collecting tank, a first pumping pipe, a first pumping pump, a first installation mechanism, a first outlet pipe, a storage tank, a filling pipe, a second pumping pipe, a second pumping pump, a second installation mechanism, a second outlet pipe, a horizontal pipe, a fixing mechanism and a sprinkler head. It can effectively avoid workers' physical contact with chemical solution, ensure workers' health and facilitate their use.
The invention relates to the field of battery materials, and in order to solve the problems of high cost and poor activity durability of the existing methanol fuel cell anode materials, the invention adopts the following methods: 1) the paper-based materials are impregnated in nitric acid solution for a period of time, then washed to neutral, dried at low temperature and preserved; 2) the treatment solution is prepared, and the treatment solution is an aqueous solution containing nickel and vanadium ions 3) the paper-based materials treated in step 1) were impregnated and dried at low temperature in the treatment solution prepared in step 2), and then heat-treated to obtain flexible paper-based biomorphological porous Ni??V electrodes. The flexible paper-based biomorphological Ni??V electrode retains the microstructure of the paper-based material fiber and is connected by Ni-based particles, which contains vanadium which accounts for 5.0% of the total metal elements. the electrode shows excellent electrocatalytic performance.
The invention relates to the technical field of iron and steel smelting, in particular to an alloying smelting method of vanadium-containing titanium steel for automobile. The method at least comprises the following steps: pouring part of vanadium-titanium hot metal into a ladle with desulphurizer and dephosphorization agent; continuing smelting the remaining vanadium-titanium hot metal through converter to obtain end-point molten steel, tapping, pouring into the ladle and mixing with vanadium-titanium molten iron to obtain mixed molten steel, and during the tapping process of the end-point molten steel, the ladle is stirred by bottom blowing CO and N mixed gas. The mixed molten steel was refined by LF furnace to obtain the molten steel containing vanadium and titanium. The invention uses a smelting method of directly alloying vanadium titanium steel for automobile by using vanadium titanium hot metal, and mixes vanadium titanium hot metal with molten steel after converter smelting. Vanadium and titanium alloy elements in vanadium titanium molten iron are used to alloying automobile vanadium titanium steel, which can significantly reduce the cost of vanadium titanium steel alloy for automobile.
The invention describes an active brazing material for energy-saving production of active brazing connectors, which is composed of a sequence of layers (SF) arranged on top of each other, a sequence of layers (SF) consisting of layers arranged on top of each other, each of which includes at least one brazing material layer (L), wherein Each of the brazing material layers (L) of each layer sequence (SF) contains at least one component (K) of the base active brazing flux (AHL) and, in a manner that combines with each other, contains all components (K,... , K), each of its layer sequence (SF) comprising at least one first reaction layer (Ra), the first reaction layer (Ra) consisting of a first reactant, at least one second reaction layer (Rb) directly adjacent to the first reaction layer in the active brazing material, and consisting of a second reactant that performs an exothermic reaction with the first reactant, wherein The enthalpy of formation of the exothermic reaction of the reactant is greater than or equal to 45kJ/mol, especially greater than or equal to 50kJ/mol.
Even if it contains more than a certain amount of impurity elements other than Cu, the copper ball with less α radiation and high sphericity is provided. In order to suppress soft errors and reduce poor connection, even if the content of U and Th is set below 5ppb, the purity is set below 99.995%, and the amount of alpha radiation is less than 0.0200cph/cm. In addition, unexpectedly, the sphericity of the copper ball was improved by setting the purity below 99.995%.
The invention discloses a hot bonding method for tungsten-cobalt cemented carbide products, which comprises the following steps: (1) according to different physical performance requirements, the cemented carbide parts needed for production are produced; (2) the physical properties of the cemented carbide parts are tested and classified; (3) the surface roughness of the cemented carbide parts that need to be connected is treated. (4) according to the physical properties of the combined parts, select the appropriate connection temperature for hot bonding treatment; (5) verify the connection effect of small samples.
The invention provides an ordered film electrode based on metal oxide nanoribbons and a preparation method and application thereof, including the preparation of metal oxide nanoribbons, the surface modification of metal oxide nanoribbons and the assembly of ordered film electrodes. Firstly, the Co??OH??CO array with regular orientation was grown on the substrate, then the metal oxide nanorod array was prepared by using the Co??OH??CO nanorod array as a template, and then the catalyst was loaded on the surface of the metal oxide nanorod array. Finally, the membrane electrode was obtained by hot pressing the array on the ion exchange membrane, and the membrane electrode was purified. The ordered membrane electrode can be used in fuel cell, solid polymer water electrolysis cell and integrated renewable fuel cell. The membrane electrode constructed by the invention has the advantages of low catalyst loading, high catalyst utilization, easy amplification and the like.
The invention discloses an assembled environment-friendly plastic-wood hollow composite floor, which comprises external plastic-wood profiles, internal composite profiles, elastic rubber parts and connectors; the external plastic-wood profiles and internal composite profiles form a back structure, and the outer four corners of the internal composite profiles are connected with the internal four corners of the external plastic-wood profiles through four connectors. There are four elastic parts, and the four elastic parts are respectively located between the four sides of the outer plastic wood profile and the internal composite profile. The structure design of the invention is reasonable, and the adopted connector assembles the external plastic wood profile, the internal composite profile and the elastic rubber parts, which has better anti-seismic effect and can bring better elasticity and performance under heavy pressure. it can effectively reduce the shock injury caused by bouncing on the floor of stadiums and stadiums, and can carry out standardized design, production factory, construction assembly, and is suitable for a large number of promotion.
The utility model discloses an oil and gas recovery and circulation device, which comprises a fixed frame, and the bottom of the fixed frame is provided with an air extraction mechanism, which comprises a baffle, a round hole, a fixed rod, a first motor, a first motor shaft and a first exhaust blade The left and right sides of the bottom of the fixed frame and the front and rear sides are fixedly connected with a baffle, the middle of the baffle is provided with a round hole, one end of the inner end of the round hole is fixedly connected with one end of the fixed rod, and the other end of the fixed rod is fixedly connected with a first motor. one end of the first motor is rotationally connected with a first motor shaft, and the first motor shaft is fixedly connected with a first exhaust blade at one end away from the first motor. Through the first motor and the first exhaust blade on the baffle, the utility model can set an air extraction mechanism on the baffle, which can pump the oil and gas on the four sides of the oil and gas recovery machine, thus avoiding that the oil and gas recovery machine can only extract the oil and gas at the bottom.
The invention belongs to the technical field of rubber cracking equipment, in particular to an industrial rubber cracking device, which comprises a cracking furnace, an installation frame, a motor, a rotating shaft, a heating block, a mixing rod, an installation block, a cleaning module and a controller; the cracking furnace is provided with a feed inlet, a material outlet and an exhaust port; the installation frame is installed on the left wall of the cracking furnace; the motor is installed on the installation rack The rotating shaft is located in the cracking furnace, one end of the rotating shaft is connected with the motor output shaft, and the other end of the rotating shaft is rotated and installed on the right inner wall of the cracking furnace; the heating block is installed on the outer wall of the cracking furnace; the mixing rod is installed on the rotating shaft, and the mixing rod is used to stir the rubber; the number of installation blocks is two, the installation blocks are symmetrically arranged in the cracking furnace, and the installation blocks are symmetrically provided with rectangular grooves up and down symmetrically. The number of cleaning modules is two, and the cleaning module is installed through the rectangular through slot of the installation block; the controller is located on the left side of the cracking furnace.
The invention relates to a convenient drilling machine with recovery function, comprising a bottom plate, a bracket, a worktable and a drilling device. The recovery mechanism comprises a filter screen, a slag discharge pipe, a pushing assembly and a circulation assembly. The circulation assembly comprises a circulating pump, a hose, a nozzle and a connecting pipe. The anti-dandruff mechanism comprises two mobile components, and the mobile assembly comprises a first motor, a rotating rod, a swing rod and a moving plate. The convenient drilling machine with recovery function realizes the recovery and reuse of coolant through the recovery mechanism, saves resources, and realizes the function of cleaning waste chips through the chip removal mechanism.
The invention relates to a method for preparing a nickel-based catalyst from a residue hydrogenation deactivation catalyst, which comprises the following steps: mixing the residue hydrogenation deactivation catalyst, nickel ammonium sulfate and persulfate evenly, roasting, soaking, solid-liquid separation, the separated liquid is used as the acidic raw material of the nickel-based catalyst, and the separated solid is used as the basic raw material of the nickel-based catalyst Water is added to the reaction kettle, stirring and heating the reaction kettle. When the reaction temperature is reached, acidic raw materials are added to the reaction kettle, while alkaline raw materials are added in parallel. When the reaction is over, the pH value is adjusted, aging, filtration and washing are carried out. The solid product is dried to obtain the precursor of the nickel-based hydrogenation catalyst. After the material is formed, the nickel-based hydrogenation catalyst is obtained by drying and roasting. The invention uses a deactivated residue hydrogenation catalyst to prepare a nickel-based catalyst, and even if the deactivated catalyst is effectively treated, it also provides a new way for preparing raw materials for the nickel-based catalyst.
The invention discloses a preparation method for crushing and recovering UHPFRC into recycled concrete aggregate, which comprises the following steps: pretreatment step, destroying the UHPFRC structure into relatively small pieces, and then infiltrating UHPFRC; liquid nitrogen cooling step: cooling the soaked UHPFRC through liquid nitrogen, so that the UHPFRC temperature is reduced to less than 0 degrees Celsius The step of high temperature heating treatment: the UHPFRC after cooling treatment is heated at high temperature to make UHPFRC burst at high temperature, and the connection surface of UHPFRC and fiber is destroyed; the crushing step: the broken concrete is broken to form a broken UHPFRC; sieving treatment step: the UHPFRC after crushing treatment is screened according to the particle size. The invention relates to a preparation method for crushing and recovering UHPFRC into recycled concrete aggregate, which reduces energy consumption and improves the recovery rate of steel fiber.
The invention discloses a design idea and method for preparing lightweight aggregate with carbon-chromium slag, which can greatly improve the related properties of lightweight aggregate with carbon-chromium slag, and provides an industrial production method and implementation process for preparing lightweight aggregate from carbon-chromium slag. The content of the invention is as follows: using high-carbon ferrochromium slag as the main raw material, adding suitable silicon-aluminum components, swelling aids and fluxes, and through the one-time forming, one-step firing process, the core can be obtained. Shell structure of high-strength carbon chromium slag-based lightweight aggregate. Its main characteristics are as follows: based on the chemical composition of carbon-chromium slag, the main mineral phase forsterite in carbon-chromium slag is transformed through composition adjustment and mineral reconstruction, and the main mineral phases in lightweight aggregate after firing are spinel and cordierite, which fundamentally solves the micro-cracks caused by rapid cooling in industrial production and greatly improves the mechanical properties of carbon-chromium slag-based lightweight aggregate. At the same time, by wrapping the shell modified layer outside the core raw material ball to enhance the bond strength between cement paste (mortar) and lightweight aggregate, the comprehensive performance and service life of lightweight aggregate concrete are better.
The invention belongs to the technical field of arsenic-containing wastewater treatment, and specifically discloses a method for fixing arsenic by hydrothermal disproportionation vulcanization of sulfur and sulfite, which carries out hydrothermal vulcanization reaction of the mixed solution of arsenic-containing wastewater, sulfite and sulfur. The technical proposal of the invention creatively utilizes the hydrothermal disproportionation of sulfur and sulfite and carries out hydrothermal vulcanization reaction to realize the purpose of fixing arsenic. The technical proposal of the invention can effectively remove arsenic from arsenic-containing wastewater, not only that, but also ensure the leaching stability of arsenic-fixing materials, simplify the technological process and reduce the treatment cost.
The invention relates to a method for efficiently degrading feathers by using keratinase production strains, belonging to the field of fermentation engineering. The invention carries out mixed culture of Bacillus licheniformis (Bacillus licheniformis BBE11??1) and Stenotrophomonas maltophilia (Stenotrophomonas maltophilia BBE11??1), which can secrete keratinase, for the degradation of a large number of feathers, and optimizes the feather degradation process based on the fermentation engineering strategy, and obtains a method of using microorganisms to efficiently degrade feathers, and the feather hydrolysis rate is up to 82%.
The invention relates to the field of direct coal liquefaction, in particular to a method of direct coal liquefaction and a system thereof and a heat transfer method of tail gas produced by direct coal liquefaction. The method for direct liquefaction of the coal includes: directly liquefying the heated oil-coal slurry and the heated hydrogen; rapidly cooling the tail gas obtained by direct liquefaction and separating the gas-liquid to get the first tail gas; heat exchanging the first tail gas with the oil-coal slurry to get the second tail gas; heat exchanging the second tail gas with the hydrogenated stable feed oil to get the third tail gas; and heat exchanging the third tail gas with hydrogen to get the fourth tail gas. Or heat exchange the first tail gas with hydrogenated stable feed oil to get the second tail gas, heat exchange the second tail gas with coal oil slurry to get the third tail gas, and heat transfer the third tail gas with hydrogen to get the fourth tail gas; the first tail gas temperature > the second tail gas temperature > the third tail gas temperature > the fourth tail gas temperature. The coal direct liquefaction method of the invention can fully recover the heat of direct liquefaction tail gas, reduce fuel gas consumption and reduce energy consumption by more than 15%.
The invention discloses a carbon rod made of peanut shell as raw material, which relates to the technical field of biological environmental protection. The mixed raw material is peanut shell and camphor wood powder, modified by copolymer, and then carbonized by pyrolysis furnace to obtain biochar, and then the biochar is pressed to get carbon rod. The carbon rod prepared by the invention has a higher calorific value. By selecting formula components, taking peanut shell as the main raw material and cooperating with a certain amount of camphor wood powder, the mixed raw material is modified by copolymer and then carbonized, and the calorific value of the biochar obtained is greatly improved, thus significantly improving the utilization rate of resources.
A method for controlling an exhaust aftertreatment system connected to a diesel engine via a gas channel and having a diesel oxidation catalyst (DOC) and a diesel engine exhaust fluid (DEF) injector arranged downstream of the DOC and upstream of the selective catalytic reduction catalyst (SCR) The method includes detecting the exhaust gas flow sent by the engine to the gas channel. The method also includes detecting the level of nitrogen oxides (NO) in the exhaust gas downstream of the SCR. The method also includes activating the DEF injector over a period of time to reduce the level of NO to a predetermined no value. In addition, the method includes: if the time period for reducing the NO level to a predetermined no value is greater than a predetermined threshold, the injection of the upstream fuel of the DOC is adjusted via a stream of superheated exhaust gas to clean the DEF injector.
The invention provides a selective bioleaching process for high-iron low-grade nickel sulphide ores, which comprises the following steps: stirring leaching Selective leaching? Remove iron? Extraction? Anti-extraction? The cathode nickel is obtained by electrowinning step. In this process, especially for the flotation nickel sulphide concentrate with high iron content and low nickel grade, the stirring bioleaching process is adopted to control the redox potential in the leaching process by controlling the growth of sulphide bacteria, pH value, temperature and aeration, etc. effectively restrain the dissolution of iron-bearing sulphide minerals such as pyrite and realize the selective leaching of nickel-containing sulphide minerals. The process has the advantages of short process flow, simple equipment, low investment, low cost, no pollution, high recovery rate of valuable metals, can deal with low-grade nickel sulphide ore resources that can not be treated by pyrometallurgical process, and can expand the utilization range of resources. the comprehensive recovery level of nickel metal is improved, and the economic, social and environmental benefits are remarkable.
The invention discloses a method for recycling waste biomass, which comprises the following steps: (1) alkaline pretreatment of waste biomass to obtain black liquor and alkali pretreatment slag; (2) the black liquor can be separated and purified from the bacteria to obtain polyhydroxyfatty acid ester bioplastics after being treated by a lignin-degrading bacteria (Cupriavidus basilensis Barrier 8, preservation number CGMCC No.4240). (3) the alkali treatment residue is also treated by the lignin-degrading bacteria, so that the residual lignin is deeply removed and converted into bioplastics; (4) alkali? High purity sugar can be obtained from biological treatment residue by enzymatic hydrolysis, which can be used as raw material for subsequent biological fermentation. This method can increase the sugar yield of enzymatic hydrolysis of waste biomass by about 10 times, and convert lignin components in residue and black liquor into bioplastics at the same time, which not only solves the problem of environmental pollution caused by pretreatment of black liquor, but also significantly improves the economy of the process. it has the advantages of short treatment time, simple operation, low secondary pollution and low cost.
The invention discloses a system for recycling waste plastics for handicrafts, comprising a crushing device, a mixing device, a hot melting device and a feeding chamber for conveying the melted plastic raw materials to the injection molding device for injection molding. includes a shell, a movable plate arranged in the shell that can move up and down, a driving part used to drive the action of the movable plate, and a feed pipe The impurity removal part is arranged in the feeding room and is used for filtering the material transported through the feeding room to remove impurities in the plastic raw material; the feeding channel is arranged in the lower part of the feeding chamber, and the feeding channel is provided with a discharge control component for shutting off or opening the feeding channel. The invention is provided with a discharge control part, which will close the feeding channel when the movable plate moves upward, so as to prevent the material after impurity removal from being extracted again, and when the movable plate is moved up, the material is always transported by the hot melt device to the feeding room to ensure the injection efficiency.
The invention provides a coal face spontaneous combustion early warning method with a hierarchical compound index system, which not only obtains the reference values of CO critical values of goaf oxidation zone, return air corner and return air flow through test data, but also takes the CO content of goaf oxidation zone, return air corner and return air flow as reference values through actual measurement of goaf oxidation zone, return air corner and return air flow, so it is equivalent to combining field measurement results and test measurement results. With the combination of the two, the critical value of spontaneous combustion CO in oxidation zone of goaf and the critical value of spontaneous combustion CO in return air corner are determined. After that, the warning level is given in the further combination of whether there is CH and CH gas in the goaf. The proposal provided by the invention can obtain the CO critical value after comprehensive consideration of the field measurement results and test results, and reasonably classify and forecast the early warning levels combined with different gases, which accurately provides a theoretical and application basis for the early warning of spontaneous combustion in the coal mining face, and the method is effective and reliable.
The invention discloses a rapid treatment device for medical plastic waste, which comprises a box body, the top of the box body is fixedly connected with a feed hopper, the top of the box body is provided with a material outlet corresponding to the feed hopper, the inner top of the box body is fixedly connected with an installation frame, the installation frame is located at the bottom of the discharge port, the outer wall of the box body is fixedly connected with a first motor, and the output end of the first motor is fixedly connected with a first rotating shaft. In that invention, it is convenient for medical plastic waste to enter into the installation frame through the feeding hopper, then the crushing treatment of the plastic waste is completed through the function of the crushing mechanism, and then the crushed plastic waste is easily washed through the flushing mechanism and the cleaning mechanism. in this way, because the crushed plastic waste is in full contact with water, the cleaning is more sufficient, in addition, a long soaking process is not required Finally, the washing water on the surface of plastic waste is removed by centrifugation, which is convenient for people to recycle.
The invention provides a hole sealing system and method for full-hole and deep-diameter hole protection in deep-buried soft coal seams. The system includes a small flower pipe hole protection section, a large flower pipe hole protection section and a hole sealing section arranged sequentially from the bottom of the drill hole to the hole mouth. The small flower tube hole protection section is provided with a plurality of sequentially connected small flower tubes, and the large flower tube hole protection section is provided with a plurality of large flower tubes connected in sequence, and the diameter of the floret tube is smaller than that of the large flower tube. The end of the small flower tube adjacent to the large flower tube is arranged in the large flower tube, the sealing section includes a plurality of short pipes connected sequentially, the end of the adjacent short pipe is connected by a soft connection buried pipe, and the end of the short pipe adjacent to the large flower tube is communicated with the large flower tube, and a plugging material is arranged between the short pipe and the inner wall of the drill hole. The invention has the advantages of simple process, convenient construction, shortening sealing time, improving labor efficiency, realizing full-hole deep hole protection of gas drainage boreholes, and improving gas drainage efficiency of boreholes.
The invention discloses a device for recovering lithium from the leaching solution of battery electrode material, comprising a working box and a mixing cavity arranged in the working box, wherein the working box is provided with a feed pipe connected with the mixing cavity, and the feed pipe is provided with a Flowmeter. The feed pipe is provided with a first valve mechanism, and after the first valve mechanism is opened, the leaching liquid enters the mixing cavity through the feed pipe. The invention not only adds the extractant according to the volume ratio, but also measures the weight of the leaching solution, realizing that the greater the weight of the leaching solution of the same volume, the more extractant is added, so that the recovery effect of lithium is better, and the adding process is all controlled automatically. the possible mistakes of manual addition are avoided, the adding amount is more accurate, and the adding efficiency is higher.
In this disclosure, a method and system for dynamic partition of active distribution system and optimal configuration of energy storage equipment are proposed, and the distance between nodes is defined on the basis of voltage sensitivity factor. Based on the above distance, the dynamic partition information of the active distribution system is given by using the fast clustering algorithm based on peak density. the node importance indexes of three-phase partition union and partition and centralization of each partition node in a certain period are obtained to obtain the number and location of energy storage equipment configuration; the objective function and constraint conditions are defined to obtain the optimal capacity of energy storage equipment. The improved fast clustering algorithm based on peak density is used to solve the dynamic partition information of the active distribution system, so that the partition can adapt to the change of the system operation mode, and the energy storage devices can be configured based on the partition information. it can ensure that the system has sufficient regulation resources in each partition under each operation mode.
The utility model provides an improved electric fire protection device for electric power construction, which comprises a left mounting piece, a right mounting piece, a sealing gasket, a positioning ring, an inner sealing bag, an inner fire extinguishing agent, a wire core, a wire skin, a flame retardant protective frame structure, a secondary anti-skid frame structure, a detection frame structure, a left elastic isolation patch, a right elastic isolation patch, a connecting bolt and a connecting nut. The right mounting piece is arranged on the right side of the left mounting piece The sealing gasket is arranged at the joint of the left mounting piece and the right mounting piece. The wireless temperature sensor of the utility model is embedded in the upper part of the front side of the installation seat, which is convenient to monitor the temperature detected by the wireless temperature sensor in real time when in use; the flame retardant cotton layer is connected on the left and right sides of the outside of the wire skin, which is beneficial to block the flame in case of fire, thereby reducing the damage caused by the flame to the other side of the wire skin.
A high voltage DC optical harmonic measuring device is arranged on a DC current carrying conductor through a double optical path optical fiber sensing ring. The output data of two harmonic currents of the double optical path optical fiber sensitive ring are respectively connected to the inputs of the first optical module and the second optical module through two polarization maintaining optical cables. The output end of the first optical module is connected with the input end of the first signal processing circuit, and the output end of the second optical module is connected with the input end of the second signal processing circuit; the output data of the first signal processing circuit and the second signal processing circuit are respectively connected to the input end of the merging unit; the first control monitoring circuit and the second control monitoring circuit are respectively connected with the first signal processing circuit and the second signal processing circuit. The invention solves the bottleneck problem of poor transmission of traditional high-order harmonic acquisition. It meets the 4kHz sampling rate requirements of low-order harmonic protection metering devices and the 50kHz sampling rate requirements of high-order harmonic protection and power quality metering equipment.
The invention discloses a thermal runaway early warning method for a safety management system of lithium phosphate battery for energy storage, and establishes an energy storage battery thermal runaway early warning system composed of a remote server, a BMS main control system and an energy storage battery pack. A plurality of temperature sensors and gas detectors are arranged inside the energy storage battery pack, and video surveillance is arranged on the top of the energy storage battery pack. The BMS master control system reads the temperature and combustible gas information in each area of the energy storage battery pack in real time; video surveillance monitors each battery pack in real time, and the remote server uses image processing and analysis methods to identify the battery pack with smoke or spark, and communicates with the BMS master control system to obtain the internal temperature and combustible gas of the battery pack for alarm and control. The invention can quickly locate the area where the battery pack is out of control, and quickly carry out corresponding disconnection, fire fighting and alarm operation, so as to ensure the safe and stable operation of the battery energy storage power station to the maximum extent.
The invention discloses a robot clamping mechanism and a climbing robot for a transmission tower, which solves the problem of greater safety risk existing in manual climbing the tower in the prior art, and has the advantages of realizing robot climbing the tower and providing security guarantee for subsequent climbers. The technical proposal is as follows: a robot for transmission tower, which is composed of a clamping mechanism, a lifting mechanism and a mechanical arm. The clamping mechanism includes a clamping member, including a clamping baffle and a splint, wherein the splint reciprocates with respect to the clamping baffle through the second telescopic unit to clamp one side of the tower by clamping the baffle and the splint; the stretching member is provided with a first telescopic unit, and the first telescopic unit is connected with the clamping member to drive the clamping member closer to or away from the side of the tower. The lifting mechanism, the end of the lifting mechanism is connected with the upper clamping mechanism and the lower clamping mechanism respectively, and the robot moves along the linear guide rail through the expansion of the lifting mechanism.
The utility model discloses a multi-function cable laying device, which comprises an underframe, a pulley mounting frame and a pulley; the pulley mounting frame is fixedly connected with the underframe, and the pulley is connected with the pulley mounting frame; the underframe comprises two supporting rods and two connecting rods; the supporting rod has hook feet, supporting feet, and the hook foot is U-shaped; the connecting rod is arranged between the two supporting rods. The underframe also includes a pin assembly corresponding to the support rod, which includes a limit block, a bolt and a limit rod for inserting into the soil, and the lower end face of the limit rod is provided with a tip. The utility model has rich functions and can meet the needs of cascade bridge frame, soil ground and conventional construction.
The embodiment of the invention discloses a converter. The converter comprises a cabinet (20), a rectifier assembly (21) arranged on one side of the cabinet (20) in the first direction, and an inverter filter assembly (22) arranged on the other side of the cabinet (20) in the first direction, wherein the rectifier assembly (21) and the inverter filter assembly (22) have independent cooling air paths. The rectifier assembly and the inverter filter module of the embodiment of the invention respectively have independent cooling air paths, the respective wind resistance is small, and the cooling efficiency is improved, and the rectifier assembly and the inverter filter module respectively have good cooling effects. In addition, the embodiment of the invention integrates the inverter unit and the DC chain unit of the converter into an inverter filter component, realizing a modular and compact converter.
The invention discloses an output voltage control method of buck converter based on ELM??PID, which comprises the following steps: establishing state space equation; establishing average state space equation; obtaining AC small signal state equation and output equation; obtaining transfer function of Buck converter; constructing controller; initializing ELM network; adaptive adjustment of ELM network. The resistance load disturbance and the control terminal disturbance are set in a certain period of time, and the stable voltage output is obtained by adjusting the PID parameters by ELM. The invention first designs the PID setting algorithm according to the ELM principle, realizes the output voltage stabilization control by adjusting the PID parameters on-line, and then gives two kinds of faults of the control end disturbance and the load end disturbance, which is used to prove that the ELM??PID controller can well deal with the influence of load and external interference, and has the characteristics of fast response speed and good stability.
The application embodiment discloses a ground fault disappearance discrimination method of a controllable voltage compensation mode, which can quickly and accurately judge the fault state under various topologies of full compensation of the controllable voltage source grounding current, and after the system is single-phase grounded, the controllable voltage source carries out full compensation. Keep the phase angle of the output voltage of the controllable voltage source unchanged and change the amplitude of the output voltage of the controllable voltage source. If the amplitude of the output voltage of the controllable voltage source changes before and after, the amplitude of the zero sequence current of all lines changes with the amplitude of the output voltage of the controllable voltage source. It is confirmed that the grounding fault disappears and the controllable voltage source stops compensating the output. It provides a fast, effective and simple method to distinguish the disappearance of grounding fault for the realization of full compensation of grounding current of controllable voltage source.
The invention relates to a method for determining the ice observation dispatch time of a transmission line, which includes the following steps: a, obtaining the time node data of the operation items in a plurality of historical operation tickets; B, calculating the time length of each operation item according to the time node data; C, screening out the inferior data in the time length data calculated in step B. D. calculate the average value of the remaining time data after screening, and sum the average time of each operation item to calculate the total time from the beginning of the ice melting work to the beginning of the line upwelling. The total time is combined with the current melting work start time to calculate the current line starting time: e: determine the ice viewing time according to the starting time of the current line and the travel time of ice watchers. Make the ice watchers start the ice observation work as soon as they arrive at the ice viewing site, so as to avoid the ineffective waiting of ice watchers in the harsh climate.
The invention discloses a surge protector for power engineering, which comprises a shell and a front shell fixedly connected at the front end of the shell. The inner cavity of the shell is provided with an inner shell, and a connecting plate is fixedly connected between the shell and the inner shell. A pressure port is arranged on both sides of the inner shell center, a pressure pad is arranged in both of the two pressure ports, and a support is fixedly installed on the side of the two pressure pads close to each other. The sides of the two supports are connected with a transmission rod through a rotating shaft, and a clamping rod is rotated and connected between the two transmission rods on the same side of the two supports. In the invention, an elastic hot melt protection mechanism is adopted, and the two pressure pads are close to each other so that the filling fluid in the two filling cavities leaks out to isolate and extinguish the fire, thereby reducing the damage to the shell when the inner cavity of the inner shell is burst, adopting the installation linkage open circuit structure, and realizing the automatic disconnection control when the locking screw on the shell is loosened.
The invention discloses a fault indicator comprising an upper case, a lower housing, a plastic sheet, an electronically controlled thermal explosion device, a spring device and a damping device. The plastic sheet is embedded in the lower left end of the lower housing. The electronically controlled thermal explosion device and the spring device are installed in the interior of the lower housing, and the damping device is installed in the interior of the upper housing, and the circuit system fails, resulting in an explosion of the electronically controlled thermal explosion device. Promote the upward movement of the ribbon and the spring device, at the same time, the plastic sheet is extruded, the spring device is elastic, and the ribbon is pushed down, which realizes the operation of the fault indicator, reduces the work intensity of the testing personnel, and saves manpower and material resources.
The utility model discloses a fast-loading switchgear, which comprises a cabinet body and a cover plate which cooperate with each other. Two side walls of the cabinet body are symmetrically provided with clamping parts, and a horizontal mounting plate is detachable between the two clamping parts. The clamping part comprises a fixing cylinder, which is arranged in parallel with the bottom wall of the cabinet body, the outer wall of the fixing cylinder is connected with the side wall of the cabinet body, and the side wall of the fixing cylinder is provided with a through groove. The through grooves on the two symmetrical fixed cylinders are arranged relatively, the two ends of the horizontal mounting plate are symmetrically provided with a connecting plate, the end of the connecting plate is provided with a cylindrical bulge, and the cylindrical bulge can be inserted into the fixing barrel. The thickness of the connecting plate is less than the width of the through groove, and the fixed cylinder and the cylindrical bulge are connected by bolts. The utility model solves the problems of difficult control level and low installation efficiency caused by the existing screw installation fixing plate.
The invention discloses a measurement and control method for realizing synchronous sampling and processing of full time sequence power network measurement data. the method includes receiving B code signal, processing B code signal to obtain absolute time information and synchronous second pulse signal, generating synchronous sampling pulse signal with equal interval, and sampling external AC electrical data. Each sampling value is followed by frequency and resampling with phasor correction iterative algorithm and fast Fourier transform to obtain dynamic data and steady-state data in the case of modified frequency offset; the dynamic data is sent to the dispatching master station through the dynamic phasor channel and the steady-state data is sent to the dispatching master station through the analog channel. The method realizes that the measurement and control device completes the synchronous acquisition of the AC sampling signal in the power system, and then the measurement operation module marks the precise time scale of the measured value after processing combined with the external input clock information. through the extended dynamic specification, it is sent to the main station at real-time equal intervals, thus the quality of steady-state data at the sub-station is greatly improved.
The invention provides a DC/DC converter device for restraining the overshoot of the output voltage and the change of the input voltage. The DC/DC converter device includes a DC/DC converter having a power conversion section and a reactor And a control section that generates an output voltage target value corresponding to the output voltage instruction value, and controls the power conversion section to make the output voltage follow the output voltage target value, wherein, the control section has a rate limit value setting section for setting the rate of change limit value of the output voltage target value, and the output voltage target value is generated by imposing a limit on the output voltage instruction value using the rate of change limit value. The rate of change limit value setting part calculates an index value for quantitative evaluation of the amount of change in the input voltage, and when the index value is within a predetermined specific range, the rate of change limit value is changed in the direction of reducing the limit range of the rate of change.
The invention provides a generator field circuit coupling calculation method based on the cooperation of two-dimensional and three-dimensional electromagnetic fields. The method includes establishing a two-dimensional transient electromagnetic field mathematical model according to the structure and size of the generator linear segment, and establishing a three-dimensional electromagnetic field mathematical model of the generator end according to the actual structure of the generator end and the actual size of each part. the three-dimensional electromagnetic field mathematical model is discretized by using the magnetic field energy storage principle to obtain the leakage inductance of the generator end. In the discrete two-dimensional transient electromagnetic field mathematical model, the discrete two-dimensional transient electromagnetic field mathematical model is combined with the generator voltage equation, and the generator field-circuit coupling mathematical model is obtained by entering the leakage inductance at the end of the solution. by combining the discrete three-dimensional end electromagnetic field mathematical model with the generator field-circuit coupling mathematical model, the two-dimensional and three-dimensional field-circuit coupling mathematical model of the generator is obtained. The invention couples the electromagnetic field of the two-dimensional straight line segment and the three-dimensional end, and can calculate the three-dimensional end electromagnetic field under complex working conditions.
The invention relates to a distribution network frame reconstruction method based on a multi-objective improved particle swarm optimization algorithm, which comprises the following steps: collecting the original data of the whole network, initializing the processing, and obtaining the initialization particles; screening the initialization particles to get the penalty correction particles and the first level particles; carrying out the security constraint processing of the first level particles to get the second level particles; and getting the updated particles by processing the penalty correction particles and the second level particles. The updated particles are processed to get the crossed particles; the inertia weight of the particles with exponential decline is improved, and the velocity calculation method of the particles is improved; the mutated particles are obtained by the mutation operation of the crossed particles, and the number of iterations or disturbances reaches the maximum, and the optimal solution is obtained. The particle swarm optimization algorithm of the invention greatly improves the calculation speed, obtains higher convergence accuracy in a shorter time, reduces the time for obtaining the optimal solution, and greatly reduces the cost of decision-making.
The invention relates to an ice cleaning device, more specifically a high-altitude cable ice cleaning device, which comprises a mobile ice cleaning mechanism, a frame mechanism, a suspension mechanism, a lifting mechanism and a balancing mechanism, wherein the device can move continuously along the cable, the device can be lifted and lowered to the cable through a steel wire, the device can cross the porcelain bottle on the cable, the device can break the ice, and the mobile ice cleaning mechanism is provided with two The mobile ice cleaning mechanism is fixed on the front and rear sides of the frame mechanism, the suspension mechanism is fixed on the frame mechanism, the lifting mechanism is fixed on the frame mechanism, the lifting mechanism is fixed inside the frame mechanism, and the balancing mechanism is fixed at the bottom of the lifting mechanism.
The utility model discloses a self-lubricating flexible high-extrusion fireproof cable of 1kV and below, comprising a conductor, a mica layer extruded outside the conductor, a cross-linked polyethylene insulating layer extruded outside the mica tape layer, a ceramic silicone tape wrapped outside the cross-linked polyethylene insulating layer, and at least one wire core. The wire core is extruded outside the fireproof inner protective layer, and the high flame retardant halogen-free winding tape is wrapped outside the fireproof inner protective layer. Stainless steel bellows coated with intumescent fireproof coating on the outer surface of high flame retardant halogen-free wrapping tape, and the outermost layer is extruded into a high flame retardant and environmental protection outer sheath. Compared with the prior art, the utility model uses shell powder and vermiculite powder to form a self-lubricating fireproof material and other materials to form a flexible fireproof internal protection material with high extrusion volume, which is extruded into a fireproof internal protection layer of the cable, which greatly improves the production efficiency of the fireproof cable while ensuring the quality of the fireproof internal protection material.
The application relates to a communication method and system of a dual-core intelligent electric meter. The method includes: the first module receives the request data; the communication management module monitors and receives the request data from the first module, extracts the first request data frame which conforms to the preset ammeter communication protocol, and completes the validity check and integrity check of the data frame, provides decryption service, adds the frame header data, obtains the second request data frame, and sends the second request data frame to the second module. In response to the second request data frame, the second module acquires the reply data and sends the reply data to the communication management module; the communication management module then extracts the first reply data frame in the response data that conforms to the preset ammeter communication protocol, completes the data frame validity check and integrity check, provides encryption service, removes the frame header data, and obtains the second reply data frame; sends the second reply data frame to the first module The first module responds to the request data. The communication method provided in this application can support the smart meter to realize the full compatibility of the existing communication protocol and the flexible expansion of the new communication protocol.
The invention belongs to the technical field of power tools, in particular to a preheating type cable peeling knife, in view of the fact that the cutter of the existing preheating type cable peeling knife is in a fixed state, so that the same type of peeling knife can only peel one type of cable. and can not be cut horizontally at the same time, which brings great trouble to cable skin peeling, and now puts forward the following scheme, which includes a connecting seat. Two placement slots are arranged at the bottom of the connecting seat, a rotating seat is fixedly installed on the top inner wall of the two placing slots, the bottom of the rotating seat extends to the outside of the connecting seat and rotates and installs the clamping seat, and the side near each other of the two clamping seats is arc-shaped. The side close to each other of the two clamping seats is fixedly equipped with a first blade, and the two first blades cooperate with each other. The invention has the advantages of simple structure and convenient use. Can use different specifications of cable for use, at the same time, after cutting, it is convenient to peel off the cable skin.
The utility model discloses an intelligent electric control device, which comprises a box body, the inner wall of the box body is fixedly connected with a mounting plate, and one end of the mounting plate is fixedly connected with a temperature probe and an S-shaped water pipe. the outer wall of the other end of the mounting plate is sequentially fixedly connected with a water pump, a water tank and a cooling device, and the upper outer wall of the fixed water tank of the mounting plate is fixedly connected with a temperature tester and a controller. The outer walls of the two ends of the water pipe are respectively connected with the water pump and the cooling device through the installation plate, and the water pump and the cooling device are respectively connected with the water tank through the water pipe. The utility model can detect the temperature in the box body, and when the temperature reaches the highest value set, the water pump and the cooling device can be controlled to work, and the temperature inside the box body can be cooled, so as to avoid affecting the work of the controller because the temperature is too high, thus reducing the service life of the controller and avoiding the occurrence of fire due to the high temperature ignition line.
The invention discloses a control method and a system for secondary frequency modulation of a thermal power unit assisted by an energy storage device. The control system adopted by the invention includes a power control module based on the charged state of the energy storage device and a time delay compensation module based on Smith predictor. The control system accepts the secondary frequency modulation instructions from the power grid, the active power feedback of thermal power units, the feedback of the charged state and output active power of the energy storage device, and according to the feedback data, the control system uses the method based on the charged state of the energy storage device to determine the active power that the energy storage device needs to output. After the Smith predictor is used to compensate the time delay in the auxiliary frequency modulation system, the control system obtains the instruction power, and the instruction is sent to the energy storage device through the communication equipment, and the fast response characteristic of the energy storage device is used to compensate the generating power of the thermal power unit; the auxiliary frequency modulation system includes the control system and the energy storage device. The invention can improve the dynamic performance of thermal power units participating in power system frequency modulation and obtain higher frequency modulation benefits.
The invention discloses a single cycle control method of VIENNA rectifier for eliminating third harmonic pulsation in the field of electrical engineering, including the topological structure of VIENNA rectifier, introducing variables as duty cycle to control the action of three bi-directional switches in VIENNA rectifier; the invention can completely eliminate the third harmonic fluctuation of neutral potential and solve the problem of complexity of the method of injecting third harmonic components and difficult determination of parameters On the other hand, it can effectively restrain the DC and AC fluctuations of the midpoint potential and keep the output capacitance in the state of voltage equalization.
The invention provides an active temperature control strategy of a fully controlled H-bridge converter based on periodic equalization rotation mechanism. The specific implementation steps are as follows: 1. Taking the two fundamental frequency periods of the AC side port voltage reference wave of the fully controlled H bridge converter as a rotation cycle, according to the polarity characteristics of the input current and the AC side port voltage reference wave, each rotation cycle is divided into eight working regions. 2. According to the different working mechanism in each working area, two corresponding switching modes are provided to make the periodic balanced rotation of all fully controlled switching devices and anti-parallel diodes in the fully controlled H-bridge converter. realize the balanced reduction of the temperature of all power switching devices in the fully controlled H-bridge converter under various operating conditions. 3. By setting a three-stage switch selector, all the fully-controlled switching devices in the fully-controlled H-bridge converter can accurately receive the corresponding switch driving signals in each working area, and ensure the balanced rotation of all power switching devices smoothly.
The invention provides a flexible interconnection system based on multi-microgrid and an energy storage capacity optimization method thereof. the system comprises a plurality of microgrids, a plurality of voltage source converter devices corresponding to the plurality of microgrids and a public DC line, and a plurality of voltage source converter devices respectively interconnect the corresponding microgrids through the public DC line. Aiming at the problem that the capacity of the energy storage device used to stabilize the power fluctuation of the microgrid is too large, the invention realizes the optimal scheduling of the power flow among a plurality of microgrids by flexibly controlling the VSC, so as to make full use of the complementarity of the power curves of different microgrids, thereby reducing the total amount of power fluctuation in the microgrid and optimizing the capacity of the energy storage device needed in the microgrid.
The utility model discloses a combined deep foundation pit operation suspension and protection device, which comprises a main frame, which is symmetrically distributed on both sides of the main frame. A first crossbar and a second crossbar are arranged between the main frame, and the first crossbar is located above the second crossbar. A plurality of installation sleeves are rotated and installed on both the first crossbar and the second crossbar, and a connecting column is fixedly installed on the installation casing. The connecting column is fixedly equipped with a safety buckle, and the utility model is a combined deep foundation pit operation suspension and protection device, which improves the safety protection for the cable laying work of the underground engineering by setting the safety buckle, the strengthening rod, the warning lamp, etc., and can be used as the fixing device of the safety rope for the underground operation, and solves the safety guarantee problem of the cable laying of the underground engineering at present.
The invention is applicable to the technical field of power system and discloses an electric power customer value evaluation method, a system and a terminal device, including: constructing a current value evaluation system and a potential value evaluation system; obtaining current value sample data according to the current value evaluation system, and obtaining potential value sample data according to the potential value evaluation system The current value clustering results are determined by cluster analysis of the current value sample data, and the potential value clustering results are determined by the potential value sample data. The current value power data of power customers are obtained according to the current value evaluation system, and the potential value power data of power customers are obtained according to the potential value evaluation system. The current value category of power customers is determined according to the current value clustering results and current value power data, and the potential value category of power customers is determined according to the potential value clustering results and potential value power data. The invention can improve the accuracy of power customer value evaluation.
The utility model relates to an early warning device for the position of buried cable, belonging to the field of electric power engineering construction equipment, comprising a waterproof film, a plurality of early warning sheets arranged in the waterproof film and a power line connected with the early warning film; the early warning film is divided into multiple groups according to row or column, and each group is arranged in parallel with each other and the connection relationship of the relevant power lines between the groups is parallel, and the early warning sheets in each group are parallel to each other. The early warning sheet comprises a shell and a plurality of early warning circuit units arranged in parallel in the shell; the early warning circuit unit includes a plurality of connected terminals connected in series with each other and an alarm and / or light emitting device connected in series between the connected terminals; the connected terminal will connect the serial circuit in a free state and disconnect the serial circuit when subjected to external pressure. It can give a timely and effective warning to the buried location of the cable, and effectively reduce the probability of accident caused by the damage caused by the location of the cable is not obvious and not easy to detect during construction.
The invention discloses a dynamic dispatching method for collection, operation and maintenance, belonging to the technical field of power equipment. At present, the collection and operation and maintenance work can not allocate resources reasonably, and the workload of work order processing does not match with the ability of operation and maintenance, which can not achieve the purpose of maximizing the processing utility under the condition of limited human resources. The invention divides the region according to the spatial distance of the abnormal fault point, and can aggregate all the adjacent abnormal fault points together to avoid unreasonable allocation of operation and maintenance resources. Estimate the duration of each basic work and operation steps, estimate the on-site processing time more accurately, and solve the problem of mismatch between work order processing workload and operation and maintenance capacity. The emergency degree of the abnormal failure point is estimated, and the operation and maintenance is carried out according to the abnormal total emergency degree, which provides the basis for the follow-up accurate dispatching. Finally, the on-site operation and maintenance model of the acquisition system is established, and according to the specific situation, one of the operation and maintenance modes is selected to maximize the processing utility under the condition of limited human resources and make more reasonable use of resources.
The application discloses a method and a device for obtaining a fully compensated output value of a controllable voltage source grounding current. The method includes: a controllable voltage source outputs a detection voltage, the amplitude of the detection voltage is kept unchanged, and the phase of the detection voltage is changed; the voltage drop value of the target phase before and after the output detection voltage of the controllable voltage source is calculated If the voltage drop value is within the threshold range, the phase difference between the detection voltage and the target phase voltage before the controllable voltage source outputs the detection voltage is calculated; the phase difference is used to calculate the fully compensated voltage output value of the controllable voltage source when the system is single-phase grounded. This application can quickly and accurately obtain the voltage output value of full compensation of controllable voltage source in single-phase grounding under various topologies of full compensation of controllable voltage source, which reduces the difficulty of realizing full compensation of controllable voltage source.
The utility model discloses a wear-resistant cable with a skeleton structure, which in turn comprises a conductor, an inner insulating layer, an outer insulating layer, a refractory layer, a buffer layer, a shielding layer and a sheath layer from the inside to the outside. the shielding layer comprises a first skeleton layer arranged outside the buffer layer; the first skeleton layer is a honeycomb copper fiber grid layer; and the mesh of the first frame layer is filled with iron fiber The sheath layer includes a second skeleton layer arranged outside the shielding layer; the second skeleton layer is a honeycomb carbon fiber grid layer; and the mesh of the second skeleton layer is filled with sheathing material. The cable of the utility model has strong electromagnetic shielding ability through the cooperation of copper fiber and iron fiber, and the honeycomb copper fiber grid layer can also improve the strength of the cable, and the sheath layer takes the grid layer made of carbon fiber as the skeleton. The sheath material is filled in the mesh of the second skeleton layer, which is protected by the second skeleton layer and is not easy to be worn.
The invention discloses a method for detecting the closing state of a high voltage isolation switch based on a lidar, which includes establishing a geometric abstract model of the closing process of the high voltage isolation switch; a measurement algorithm of the angle between the front or rear conductive arm of the high voltage isolation switch and the horizontal direction is proposed; the point cloud of the conductive arm is obtained by scanning the high voltage isolation switch by the ground lidar To intercept the point cloud of the front and rear conductive arm with a certain number of planes perpendicular to any coordinate axis The automatic calculation module of the angle between the conductive arm is designed and developed; the automatic calculation module automatically calculates the angle value of the conductive arm and judges the closing state of the high voltage isolation switch. By analyzing the closing operation process and structural characteristics of the high voltage isolation switch, the invention demonstrates the feasibility and advantage of judging the closing state by measuring the angle between the conductive arm; based on the ground lidar to obtain the high voltage isolation switch point cloud data, a method for calculating the direction of the cylindrical axis by grouping the point cloud and fitting the ellipse is proposed, which reduces the difficulty of calculation.
The invention discloses a heliostat cleaning device for cleaning heliostat, which comprises a cleaning mechanism, a cleaning bracket and a cleaning mechanism frame. In the cleaning direction of the cleaning device, at least one group of first liquid cleaning assembly, at least one group of scrubbing assembly, at least one group of second liquid cleaning assembly, at least one group of gas cleaning assembly and at least one group of drying assembly are sequentially arranged on the cleaning bracket. The first liquid cleaning assembly and the second liquid cleaning assembly are connected with a cleaning liquid storage tank, and the gas cleaning assembly is connected with a gas storage tank; and the cleaning platform is used for carrying a cleaning mechanism so that it can walk in the solar mirror line. When the cleaning platform is equipped with a cleaning mechanism, the first liquid cleaning assembly, the brushing assembly, the second liquid cleaning assembly, the gas cleaning assembly and the drying assembly sequentially carry out primary washing, brushing, secondary washing, purging and drying of the mirror surface of the heliostat. The device provided by the invention can realize washing and cleaning the heliostat when the temperature is below the freezing point.
The invention relates to the field of carbon nanotube / silicon heterojunction solar cells, in particular to a method for preparing heterojunction solar cells by lossless transfer of carbon nanotube films. Firstly, the transparent conductive carbon nanotube films with high performance (such as high light transmittance and low square resistance) deposited on the microporous filter membrane are cut to a suitable size, and then they are placed on the SiO/Si substrate and dripped with anhydrous ethanol to make the carbon nanotube films in close contact with the silicon substrate. After the ethanol evaporates naturally, the force between the carbon nanotube film and the silicon substrate is greater than that between the carbon nanotube film and the microporous filter film, and the filter film is removed directly with tweezers; then the upper electrode (silver gel) and the lower electrode (indium gallium alloy) are prepared to obtain the solar cell. The invention does not use other solvents other than anhydrous ethanol in the process of transferring the carbon nanotube film, the process is simple, the combination of the carbon nanotube and the substrate is improved, and the constructed solar cell has excellent photoelectric conversion performance and stability.
The invention discloses a method for reducing the series resistance of flexible copper indium gallium selenium solar cells, which comprises the following steps: step 1: using the built-in software of the laser machine to draw a moment stroke template and saving it for use; step 2: laser scratching the flexible copper indium gallium selenium solar cell chip by using the scratching template drawn in step 1; step 3: inject the preset weight of tin paste into the center of the cross groove in step 2 Step 4: overlap the flexible copper indium gallium selenium solar cell chip completed with paste in step 3 with the front electrode of the cell to form a module to be welded; step 5: use the software built in the laser machine to draw a welding template and save it for use; step 6: use the welding template in step 5 and complete the welding of the module to be welded by the laser machine. By adopting the method of the invention, the metallized contact area between the front electrode and the battery chip can be increased, the series resistance can be greatly reduced, and the welding tension can be greatly improved at the same time.
The invention provides a supporting tooling and a tooling assembly having the same. The supporting tooling comprises a rod body and two clasps, and the first ends of the two clasps are respectively pivotally connected with the two ends of the rod body. The second end of the clasp forms a buckle part bent toward the first end of the clasp. According to the supporting fixture of the invention, when applied in the assembly process of the photovoltaic module, the clasping of the supporting tooling can tighten the frame, so that the frame of the photovoltaic module is stable, not easy to tilt and loose, and the influence of frame loosening on the quality of the photovoltaic module is avoided. Avoid the risk of component frame falling off in the subsequent process. Through the cooperation of supporting fixture, clamping plate and fixture, the frame can be assembled stably and the assembly quality can be improved. The supporting tooling and fixture components have simple structure, easy to manufacture and strong practicability, and are suitable for wide use in the industry.
The invention relates to the technical field of photovoltaic accessories and discloses a solar photovoltaic bracket with strong adaptability, which comprises a base, the top of the base is provided with a chute, and the internal sliding connection of the chute is connected with a skateboard. the top of the skateboard is fixedly connected with an installation seat, and the top of the installation seat is provided with an installation slot, and the interior of the installation groove is slidably connected with a first piston, and the inside of the installation slot is movably connected with a push rod. The left side of the bottom of the push rod is fixedly connected with an extension spring, and the left end of the tension spring is fixedly connected with the installation groove. The solar photovoltaic bracket with strong adaptability can adjust the angle between the bottom plate and the first photovoltaic panel, increase the light connection capacity of the whole solar photovoltaic device, and the angle of the whole device can be adjusted to ensure the light reception rate of the whole device. The conversion effect of light energy is ensured, the damage of the first photovoltaic plate and the second photovoltaic panel can be prevented, and the service life of the whole photovoltaic panel can be effectively guaranteed.
The invention discloses a solar water heater intelligently controlled by light power and water replenishment constant temperature, which comprises a controller, a heat collecting plate, a water storage tank, a fixed frame and a driving motor. The heat collector plate and the fixed frame are pivotally connected, and the driving motor is suitable for driving the rotation of the heat collector plate, and a circulating pump is arranged in the heating pipe connected between the heat collector plate and the heat exchanger in the water storage tank. The cold water input line of the storage tank is provided with an electromagnetic proportional valve, a flow sensor and a temperature sensor. When the water temperature of the water storage tank reaches the preset value, the controller controls the heat collector to rotate to reduce its light power to a minimum and prevent the water temperature from rising, so as to avoid scale on the water storage tank and heat exchanger. When the water level is too low in the process of using water, the controller automatically replenishes the water and starts the electric heater, so that the temperature of the cold water added to the storage tank at the same time is equal to the heat generated by the electric heater. After the cold water is added, the water temperature of the water tanks is maintained constant, which is convenient for water use.
The utility model discloses a solar power generation device with snow sweeping function, comprising a photovoltaic board; the photovoltaic panel is arranged in a bracket; the upper end of the bracket is provided with a snow cleaning mechanism; the snow cleaning mechanism is provided with a cleaning roller; the cleaning roller is connected with a second motor; the lower side of the bracket is provided with a rotating mechanism; the rotating mechanism comprises a chassis and a turntable, and the chassis is connected with the turntable. The bracket is provided with a first motor; the output shaft of the first motor is connected with a threaded rod; the threaded rod is connected with the bracket; the photovoltaic plate is electrically connected with the storage battery. Through the snow cleaning mechanism, the dust and snow on the surface of the photovoltaic panel can be cleaned by the rotation of the cleaning roller, so as to improve the working efficiency of the photovoltaic panel and improve the conversion rate of solar energy.
The invention discloses a solar power supply switching circuit, which comprises a photosensitive element D1, a control node, a first on-off control module and a second on-off control module. the control node connects the control end of the first on-off module and the control terminal of the second on-off control module, the municipal power supply terminal connects the load through the first on-off control module, and the solar power supply terminal connects the load through the second on-off control module. The photosensitive element is connected in series between the working voltage and the control node. In the invention, whether the solar energy is sufficient is detected by the photosensitive element, and the working state of the solar power supply end and the municipal power supply terminal is automatically switched according to the detection result of the photosensitive element through the first on-off control module and the second on-off control module. In this way, the pressure of the city electricity is alleviated by using the solar energy power supply, and the automatic switching from the solar energy power supply to the city power supply ensures the normal operation of the load when the solar energy is insufficient.
The invention discloses a unified control method and system of a photovoltaic inverter, which can uniformly deal with normal operation, LVRT and HVRT state detection logic. The unified control method includes: a, calculating the component of the negative sequence α β axis of the grid voltage, calculating the reference u of the α β axis corresponding to the d and Q axis components of the grid voltage reference, superposing the component e of the negative sequence α β axis of the power grid voltage and the α β axis reference u corresponding to the d and Q axis components of the grid voltage reference, and obtaining a driving signal for driving the active or reactive power output of the inverter module. In step A, the phase-locked loop calculates the current phase of the power network voltage according to the sampled three-phase grid voltage, and provides the phase through the virtual phase-locked loop when the power grid voltage is less than a certain value. whether the hysteresis loop selection phase is satisfied is judged according to the positive sequence d and Q axis components of the grid voltage; the negative sequence d and Q axis components of the grid voltage are recalculated with the selected phase, and the component e is obtained by transformation.
The invention relates to the application field of photovoltaic module, in particular discloses a device for automatically adjusting the inclination angle of photovoltaic module, which comprises a photovoltaic module, a photosensor, a rear lower rod, a rear upper rod, a rack fixed guide rail, a rear rack, a front rack, a gear, a front upper rod, a front lower rod, a bottom connecting rod, a stepping motor and a controller One end of the rear lower rod and the front lower rod are hinged with one end of the bottom connecting rod respectively, and the rear rack and the front rack are arranged side by side on the rack fixed guide rail in a way that can slide back and forth. The other end of the rear lower rod, one end of the rear upper rod and the other end of the rear rack are hinged together, and the other end of the front lower rod, one end of the front upper rod and the other end of the front rack are hinged together. The other end of the rear upper rod and the front upper rod are hinged on both sides of the bottom of the photovoltaic module, respectively. The invention acquires the height angle of the sun through the photosensor, controls the stepping motor by the controller, and controls the inclination device to automatically adjust the photovoltaic module to follow the sun to obtain the best irradiation angle so as to obtain the best power generation efficiency.
The utility model relates to a solar insulated air conditioning board, which belongs to the field of energy and construction. The solar insulation air conditioning board is composed of one-sided or double-sided transparent vacuum insulation plate, light-absorbing film layer or electrolyte solution box, heat conduction plate, fluid layer and opaque vacuum insulation plate. Among them, the transparent vacuum insulation plate, the light-absorbing film or the electrolyte solution box and the heat conduction plate can absorb solar energy and heat the air or water in the fluid layer, and the heated air or water can lead to the refrigeration or heating equipment to realize indoor air conditioning. Vacuum insulation plate insulates indoor and outdoor heat conduction. In this way, the device can not only keep warm, but also make use of solar energy air conditioning, thereby saving energy.
The invention provides a method for detecting the water permeability of foam tape for photovoltaic modules, belonging to the field of photovoltaic components. by clamping the foam tape made into U-shaped samples with upper and lower pieces of toughened glass and controlling the compression ratio through a plug ruler, the real situation of water permeability of foam tape between aluminum frame and toughened glass or between toughened glass and back plate can be obtained. Provide reliable testing data for the production process, so as to ensure the product quality of the components and reduce the risk of using the components.
The invention mainly relates to a photovoltaic module monitoring system with integrated communication function, which provides the monitoring system in the topology structure containing photovoltaic cells, which can restrain the electrical interference between the carrier signal and the photovoltaic cell to the maximum extent, so as to ensure the voltage stability of the photovoltaic cell and avoid the error code of the carrier signal. There is a carrier transmission module coupled to the first and / or second nodes for coupling the generated carrier signal to a connection line connected to the first and / or second node, and an inductance element is arranged on the first transmission line and / or the second transmission line between the photovoltaic cell and the carrier transmission module to avoid voltage ripple between the positive and negative electrodes of the photovoltaic cell caused by the carrier signal loaded on the photovoltaic cell.
The invention relates to the manufacturing field of silicon solar cells, in particular to a process for treating thick thin film in a PECVD process, which comprises the following steps: step 1: selecting the battery sheet to be replenished; step 2: pre-coating the graphite boat: cleaning the graphite boat and pre-coating the cleaned graphite boat. Step 3: battery patch replenishment preparation: sample the average thickness of the battery sheet, calculate the time required for replating according to the replenishment rate of 12s/nm, and insert the battery sheet to be plated into the prepared graphite boat; step 4: replenish the battery sheet: step 5: pick up the battery sheet after plating and transfer it to the next process normally After using this process, the edge thickness of the battery sheet is uniform with the middle, the appearance is beautiful and the color is normal.
The invention belongs to the technical field of materials, in particular to a core-shell structure silicon nanowire. Cobalt tetroxide composite photocatalytic material and its preparation and application. The invention uses boron-doped silicon wafer, silver nitrate, hydrofluoric acid and hydrogen peroxide as raw materials to prepare silicon nanowires by metal-assisted chemical etching, and adjusts etching time to obtain silicon nanowires of different lengths for photolysis of water to produce hydrogen, and selects silicon nanowires with optimal activity (etching time is 60min) as substrate materials. Using one-step calcination method, cobalt tetroxide was loaded onto silicon nanowires of optimal length to form core-shell silicon nanowires. Cobalt tetroxide composite (SiNWs@CoO). The prepared composite photocatalytic materials have good one-dimensional core-shell structure and remarkable light response characteristics, and can catalyze the decomposition of aquatic hydrogen under simulated sunlight. The catalyst has the advantages of simple preparation method, easy separation and recovery after reaction, rich raw materials, low price and environment-friendly.
The invention discloses a fishing light integrated solar backup power supply and a control method thereof. In order to overcome the problem of land waste caused by photovoltaic power generation in the prior art and energy waste caused by unable to make full use of solar energy, the invention comprises a photovoltaic device and a storage battery connected with the photovoltaic device. The photovoltaic device includes interconnecting photovoltaic brackets and photovoltaic panels, and the four corners of the photovoltaic panels are respectively provided with solar light sensors. The photovoltaic device also includes a floating device fixedly connected with the photovoltaic bracket and floating on the water, and a controller connected with the solar light sensor and the floating device to receive the solar light signal and control the position and posture of the floating device in the water. Set up a photovoltaic device on the water surface to integrate fishing and light, reduce the occupied area and save land resources; control the position and posture of the floating device to make the photovoltaic panel follow the sun and make full use of solar energy.
The invention belongs to the field of photovoltaic power generation, in particular to a solar energy comprehensive utilization system which uses soil cooling capacity to cool photovoltaic cells. The system includes photovoltaic cooling system, heat pump system and hot water supply system. Photovoltaic cooling system includes photovoltaic cell, cooling channel, antifreeze pump and buried tube heat exchanger; heat pump system includes evaporator, compressor, condenser and expansion valve. The photovoltaic cell in the photovoltaic cooling system receives solar energy to generate electric energy, and the solar radiant heat is taken away by the low temperature antifreeze in the cooling channel to cool the photovoltaic cell. After absorbing the solar radiant heat, the antifreeze flows into the buried tube heat exchanger to store the heat to the ground or into the evaporator, and as the low temperature heat source of the heat pump system, the hot water supply system sends the low temperature water into the heat pump condenser to raise the water temperature, and then transfers it to the hot water user. The system maximizes photovoltaic and photothermal benefits throughout the year by running different modes in different seasons.
The utility model provides a tool for winding and embossing the electrode sheet of a lithium battery, which comprises a positive plate drum, a negative plate drum, a baffle, a cylinder and a bottom plate. The surface of the positive plate drum is uniformly covered with cylindrical convex points, and the air pressure is controlled by the cylinder to push the baffle to move back and forth, and the distance between the positive plate drum and the negative plate drum is controlled, so that the surface of the pole plate forms a certain height and uneven special pattern when winding. After the winding and embossing tooling is wound, the specific surface area of the electrode sheet is increased, the thickness of the pole sheet is relatively increased, and the surface of the disassembled positive and negative pole sheet is wrinkle-free and the interface is smooth. Compared with the non-winding embossing process pole sheet, it can increase the dependence of the active material and the current collector, the active material is not easy to fall off from the current collector, reduce the phenomenon of falling powder, and the current collector is not easy to scratch the diaphragm and avoid the battery short circuit. improve the safety performance, capacity and cycle performance of the cell made of the electrode.
The invention relates to a vehicle battery holding structure. The battery holding structure (100) includes a plurality of parallel module holding slots (101), wherein each module accommodating slot (101) is arranged to accommodate the battery module. And a profile plate (103), which defines the plurality of module accommodation slots (101), wherein a heat transfer structure (105) for adjusting the temperature of the battery module is formed in the profile plate (103). The heat transfer structure (105) includes a plurality of hollow channels (107), and the plurality of hollow channels (107) extend along the module accommodation groove (101).
A circuit of battery charging protector for electric vehicle Include L1, N1 input, resistor R1, capacitor C1, rectifier diode D1??D4, resistor R2, capacitor C2, voltage regulator diode VD1, diode D5, resistor R3, capacitance C3, resistor R4, diode D6, transistor Q1, resistor R5, transistor Q2, relay J1, diode D7, resistor R6, resistor R7, transistor Q3, transistor Q4, resistor R18, rectifier diode D11??D14, resistor R17, Optocoupler IC1, Diode D10, voltage regulator diode VD2, resistor R14, resistor R15, resistor R13, transistor Q7, transistor Q8, resistor R10, resistor R9, transistor Q5, resistor R8, diode D8, capacitor C5, transistor Q6, resistor R12, resistor R11, diode D9, resistor R16, capacitance C5 and L2, N2 output terminal. By changing the circuit structure of the traditional charging protector, the invention can automatically disconnect the battery after it is fully charged, so as to save electricity, protect the electric vehicle battery from being overcharged and protect the battery.
The invention relates to a hybrid control system of lithium battery and lead-acid battery for new energy vehicles, which includes integrated control circuit, battery charge detection circuit, voltage detection circuit, current detection circuit, voltage regulation and rectifier circuit, short circuit protection circuit, leakage protection circuit, overload protection circuit, overcharge protection circuit, inverter circuit, high voltage charge and discharge circuit, low voltage charge and discharge circuit and electronic switch circuit. On the one hand, the system has the advantages of simple structure, high automation degree, strong data processing ability and good circuit protection function; on the other hand, in the process of operation, the invention can simultaneously satisfy the synchronous operation of lead-acid battery and lithium battery in the electric vehicle, improve the comprehensive operation performance of the vehicle, and effectively improve the flexibility of the charging operation of the electric vehicle and the reliability of the comprehensive allocation of electric energy in the process of vehicle operation. It can not only improve the efficiency of vehicle charging operation, but also effectively prolong the life span of the vehicle.
The utility model provides an integrated terminal for collecting voltage and temperature at the same time, comprising a through hole through which a capacity signal line passes through the center of the base plate, and a fixed rod is fixed on one side of the base plate. The top of the fixing rod is spaced with a first terminal and a second terminal, the first terminal includes a first side plate, the inner wall of the first side plate is provided with a clamping layer, and the second terminal includes a second side plate. A clamp is arranged between the two second side plates and the two first side plates, a sliding clamping assembly is slipped between the two second side plates, and the side of the first terminal is also provided with a sensor. the sensor is fixed with the base plate. The integrated terminal of the utility model can collect voltage acquisition and temperature acquisition on one terminal at the same time, and only one bolt hole is needed to save cost, save space and improve work efficiency; and the terminal is provided with a device for separating and fixing the signal line, which is not easy to sloshing and has strong stability.
Anti-icing, anti-adhesion, anti-oxidation relay with inclined slope The utility model comprises a shell, a static contact arranged in the insulation seat at the bottom of the shell, a ring support limit seat fixed above the insulation seat, a moving contact rod arranged on the axis of the ring support limit seat, a moving contact piece arranged at the lower end of the moving contact rod, a sleeve mounted on the upper periphery of the ring support limit seat, an electromagnetic coil arranged between the sleeve and the shell, and a moving iron core arranged in the sleeve and supported on the top of the ring support limit seat by the support spring. An ice shovel with opposite tilting direction is arranged at the outer end of the moving contact piece, a downward bending stop hook is arranged at the upper end of the ice shovel, an inclined plane is arranged at the upper part of the static contact, and a radial arc return seat is arranged on the lower surface of the circular support limit seat. the base of the arc return seat is provided with a guide bevel for returning the ice shovel. The utility model can remove the ice frozen on the top of the static contact head, prevent adhesion and oxidation, ensure the reliable operation of the relay and prolong the service life of the relay.
The invention discloses a novel automobile lateral parking system, which is mainly composed of a motor, a pull rod and four cranks. the rotating shaft on the motor faces downwards, and the end of the rotating shaft on the motor is equipped with a gear; the pull rod is installed in the slot in the longitudinal center of the chassis, and the gear installed at the end of the rotating shaft on the motor engages with the rack on the side of the pull rod. The crank is divided into three parts, the first part of the crank is directly connected with the wheel toward one end of the outside of the car body, the second part of the crank is arc-shaped and is assembled in the arc groove of the automobile chassis, and the third part of the crank is provided with slide rails. The protruding platforms at both ends of the pull rod are assembled in the slide rails of the four crank. The invention has the advantages that the transverse parking system has the advantages of simple structure and low cost, can significantly improve the speed and safety of the parking process, and is very suitable for the electric vehicle field which is being vigorously developed in our country.
The invention provides a battery unit, comprising an electrode assembly, wherein the electrode assembly has the following structure: the positive electrode, the negative electrode and the separator are laminated, each of the positive electrode and the negative electrode has a 2 × n (n ≥ 2) side in the plane, and the separator is arranged between the positive electrode and the negative electrode, wherein the positive electrode contact plate is arranged in each of the odd sides of the positive electrode to the 2n side The negative electrode contact is arranged in each of the first side to the even number of sides of the 2n side, and therefore the positive electrode and the negative electrode are alternately formed along the side in a plane. The electrode terminal is arranged on the first side and the second side, or the third side of the electrode assembly, respectively, and the outermost electrode is placed on the first side and the second side. The third side is a side surface of the electrode assembly perpendicular to the first side and the second side, and the electrode terminal is electrically connected to the positive electrode contact and the negative electrode contact. And a battery housing having a structure that surrounds the outer surface of the electrode assembly while the electrode terminal is partially exposed to the outside.
A secondary battery pack according to one aspect of the invention comprises a single assembly comprising a secondary battery and a cascading frame that supports the secondary battery and is stacked and arranged in one direction, and the battery pack shell, it has an internal space for accommodating a single assembly and has a through hole formed in the inner and outer direction. The electrode terminal is electrically connected to the monomer assembly and is arranged to protrude to the outside of the battery pack housing by passing through the through hole; the bonding part fills the gap between the through hole and the electrode terminal to form an adhesive layer; and the bonding cover is arranged at the upper part of the battery pack housing and is arranged to bond to the through hole of the battery pack housing in the case of covering the periphery of the electrode terminal.
A protective structure of the battery package is provided, which can restrain the impact on the battery shell when an external force is applied to the car body, and the battery package can be easily protected. In the protective structure of the battery bag (11), the protective cover (18) has an upper surface cover (19) covering the upper surface of the upper housing (16), and a side cover (20). It is protruding outward relative to the upper surface cover (19) than the side of the battery housing, covering at least a portion of the side of the battery housing. A fragile part (19A) is formed in the upper surface cover part (19). When an external force is applied to the side cover part (20) in the direction arranged from the upper surface cover part (19) and the side cover part (20), the upper surface cover part (19) bends or breaks with the fragile part (19A) as the starting point.
The invention relates to an integrated drive system of dual motors for electric vehicles, belonging to the technical field of driving systems of electric vehicles. The driving system comprises a housing, a dual motor assembly and a control component. The dual motor assembly comprises a motor Ⅰ and a motor Ⅱ connected through a synchronizer, the volume of the motor Ⅰ is large, and the top setting control components of the motor Ⅰ and the motor Ⅱ The control component includes an IGBT power unit Ⅰ and an IGBT power unit Ⅱ, which supply power to the motor Ⅰ and the motor Ⅱ, respectively. The IGBT power unit Ⅰ is arranged above the motor Ⅱ, and the IGBT power unit Ⅱ is arranged above the motor Ⅰ. The beneficial effect of the invention is that the drive system makes full use of the structural differences of the double motor components to arrange the control components by integrating the dual motor components and the control components in one housing. It makes full use of the space, which is beneficial to the layout of the whole vehicle, and the designed water-cooled components can dissipate heat to the double motor components and control components at the same time, thus improving the overall heat dissipation efficiency.
The invention specifically relates to a method for dynamic adjustment of axle load of lightweight electric vehicles. The purpose is to provide a lightweight electric vehicle axle load dynamic adjustment method with simple structure, which can automatically adjust the front and rear axle load and reduce fuel consumption. The axle load distribution system comprises a seat, a seat adjusting mechanism, a steering wheel, a pedal, an inner rearview mirror, an outer rearview mirror and a related control mechanism; the adjustment method of the axle load distribution system includes the following steps: parameter extraction, seat longitudinal adjustment, seat lateral adjustment, and related mechanism adjustment. By adjusting the longitudinal and lateral direction of the car seat, the front and rear axle load ratio is changed to reduce fuel consumption and improve the vehicle handling performance. At the same time, the front and rear axle load ratio can be adjusted, so that the no-load mass of the car can be flexibly set to facilitate the layout of other equipment on the car.
The invention provides a high current lithium battery power management system for a lawn mower and a management method thereof, so that it can work for a long time under rated working conditions, ensure the reliability of the battery and prolong the service life of the battery. Firstly, balanced control of lithium battery in the case of uneven voltage and current Then, the lithium battery always works in a good ambient temperature to optimize its cycle life and capacity; finally, when the thermistor element in the protection circuit detects that the working ambient temperature is higher than the set value, the circuit is automatically cut off and can be turned back on when the temperature drops below the set value.
The invention discloses a method for calculating the thermal neutron scattering effect of a silicon carbide coated molten salt reactor, which comprises the following steps: based on the thermal neutron scattering rate of liquid molten salt, solid graphite and solid silicon carbide, nuclear data processing is carried out, and the thermal neutron scattering section library is obtained. Using the thermal neutron scattering cross section library of liquid molten salt, solid graphite and solid silicon carbide, the assembly homogenization of molten salt reactor is carried out by Monte Carlo neutron transport method, and the homogenization group parameters of typical components in the core and near the reflector are obtained. Using the minority uniform parameters of the typical components of the molten salt reactor, based on the neutron transport model or the time-space kinetic model of neutron diffusion, for the molten salt reactor coated with liquid fuel silicon carbide, the effect of liquid molten salt flow should also be considered. the influence of thermal neutron scattering effect of molten salt reactor on the key neutronics parameters of molten salt reactor is calculated. The method overcomes the defect that the traditional determinism method is difficult to fully apply to the complex geometry of the molten salt reactor, and the homogenization parameters of the molten salt reactor assembly are more accurate.
The invention discloses a glazing method for reducing the shrinkage defects on the ceramic surface, which is as follows: 1) the raw materials of magnesite, alumina, chromium oxide, titanium oxide and ceramic embryo are mixed and milled to form the ceramic embryo body; 2) the slurry obtained by ball milling of molybdenum silicide, tantalum silicide, glass powder, silicon boride, ethanol and carboxymethyl cellulose is coated on the surface of the ceramic embryo, and the heat treatment is carried out after drying. 3) the ceramic embryo body was immersed in the nano-iron oxide dispersion, and then irradiated with ultraviolet lamp. 4) the glaze was sprayed on the surface of the ceramic embryo body for glaze sintering. The invention improves the conventional ceramic embryo body raw materials and glaze, and treats the embryo body surface, so that the sintered glaze surface has uniform waving, high glossiness and good thermal stability. at the same time, the defects such as wavy lines, cracks, pinholes and even de-glazing on the glaze surface can be well eliminated, the integrity of the glaze surface is improved, and the product quality is obviously improved.
The invention discloses a lightweight thermal insulation coating for a coke oven, which sequentially comprises a light thermal insulation layer and a crack resistant protective layer from the inside to the outside, wherein the lightweight thermal insulation layer is prepared with fly ash floating beads, vermiculite powder, mineral wool cellulose or glass wool, water glass, Portland cement, polyvinyl alcohol and water as the main raw materials The anti-crack protective layer is prepared with bauxite powder, zircon powder, sodium bentonite, kyanite, high strength aluminate cement, sodium hexametaphosphate, sodium tripolyphosphate, sodium dodecyl sulfate and water as the main raw materials. The invention adopts a double-layer coating mode, and by optimizing the formula of each layer of coating, the obtained coating structure has strong adhesion, good thermal insulation, good fluidity and easy construction, and can form strength in a short time after construction, realizing the function of thermal insulation and heat storage, and long service life, so it is suitable for popularization and application.
The utility model discloses a new autoclaved aerated concrete board for splicing seams, which comprises a first plate and a second plate. The bottom surface of the first board is provided with a chute, and the inner part of the chute is clamped with a sliding box adapted to the chute. The inner top wall of the chute is provided with a fixed groove, the bottom surface of the sliding box is fixedly connected with a first fixed rod arranged equidistantly, and the right side of the first plate is fixedly connected with two second fixed rods. The new autoclaved aerated concrete slab of the splicing joint can connect the first plate and the second plate through the coordination of the first fixed rod and the first slot, and increases the connectivity of the first plate and the second plate through the cooperation of the second fixed rod and the second slot. through the elastic force provided by the spring, the adjusting plate can be adjusted, and the positioning block can be extended into the interior of the fixed slot through the adjustment of the adjusting plate. The use of the above splicing method can effectively avoid the problem that the use of grid cloth hanging anti-crack mortar will lead to protuberance of the splicing seam and waste a lot of materials in the later stage.
The invention relates to a method for improving the sintering activity of micron zirconia powder, which comprises the following steps: 1) using micron zirconia powder, adding water and mineralizer to form a slurry; wherein, the content of zirconia powder in the slurry is (50.45)%, the content of mineralizer is (0.555)%, and the remaining amount is water. 2) put the prepared slurry in the reactor, under the condition of continuous stirring, heat to (100: 300) ℃, keep the pressure of the reactor (0.5: 5) MPa, heat preservation (1: 10) hours; 3) after heat preservation, naturally cool to room temperature; 4) take out the treated slurry and wash it repeatedly to the powder without mineralizer cations. 5) the powder was washed with aqueous ethanol solution for 3 times, in which the ratio of ethanol to dehydrated water was (2: 3): 1) the washed powder was dried at 100: 120 ℃.
The invention discloses a glass de-plating process with a hole cover plate and a large-size screen protection cover plate glass. The de-plating process comprises the following steps: first, the defective glass is de-plated with an acid de-plating solution with a pH value of 1: 2, and then the defective glass is de-plated with an alkaline plating solution with a pH value of 12-13. The invention alleviates the defective products which are often produced when the glass cover plate is processed, which requires re-processing of the defective products so as to reduce the cost. The glass de-plating process provided by the invention is a de-plating process of inferior glass with holes, and the defective glass is de-plated step by step through the acid-alkali de-plating solution, which can effectively remove the ink layer and the coating layer on the surface of the glass. it can also effectively remove the ink layer of the glass through-hole wall, and after de-plating, the glass damage is small, the glass surface is not easy to scratch, and the good rate is high. After the defective glass is de-plated by this de-plating process, it can be reprocessed as the raw material glass matrix, thus saving the raw material and cost.
The invention belongs to the technical field of hydrogen chloride preparation, in particular to a liquid hydrogen chloride preparation method; the convenient hydrogen chloride preparation device comprises a preparation tank, a drainage plate, a hollow pillar, a sulfuric acid nozzle, a hydrochloric acid conduit and a hydrochloric acid sprinkler The drainage plate includes a plurality of drainage plates, which are increased sequentially from top to bottom and are connected and rotated, and a heat gathering cavity is formed between the adjacent drainage plates. The drainage plate includes a heat-conducting annular cover body, a plurality of partitions fixed on the outer wall of the annular cover body, an overhead core column connected with the upper center of the annular cover body, and a lower hollow column connected with the lower center of the annular cover body. The upper edge of the annular cover body is provided with a plurality of air vents, and the upper vents of the uppermost drainage plate are all obliquely arranged with exhaust pipes. The invention improves the proportion of hydrogen chloride gas extracted from hydrochloric acid by fully mixing concentrated sulfuric acid and hydrochloric acid on the drainage plate and increasing the spreading area of the mixture after the mixture of concentrated sulfuric acid and hydrochloric acid.
The invention discloses a method for preparing a transparent core for directly observing core percolation, which comprises the following steps: preparing sodium silicate solution and adding gaseous silica; placing a glass plate at the bottom of the container to pour the sodium silicate solution containing silica into the container; transferring the container to a cold trap, cooling and constant temperature treatment to obtain frozen glass and ice Transfer the frozen glass and ice into the freeze dryer to get a glass plate with sodium silicate sponge structure growing on one side of the surface; take two glass plates, overlap and make it smooth outward, use their own gravity to squeeze the sodium silicate sponge structure between the two glass plates; then place the overlapping glass plate horizontally in the muffle furnace, and heat the part of the sodium silicate into the molten state. The glass plate with a lot of voids is obtained by cooling and cooling, and the transparent core is made. The prepared transparent core can directly record and observe the motion process of the fluid in the pores with optical equipment.
The invention relates to a synthesis method of ITQ??24 zeolite molecular sieve, which mainly solves the problems existing in the prior art, such as tedious preparation of organic template used for synthesizing ITQ??24 zeolite molecular sieve, high cost, unstable structure of the obtained ITQ??24 zeolite molecular sieve and the like. According to the composition of diethyl dimethyl ammonium hydroxide / YO=0.1~1.0 and heteroatom element W oxide / YO=0~0.1,HO/YO=1~30, the mixture is hydrothermally crystallized at a temperature of 100 to 200 ℃ for 24 hours and 350 hours, wherein Y is a framework tetravalent element. The porous crystalline zeolite material ITQ??24 was obtained by using W as heteroatomic element. The invention uses a cheaper organic template and reduces the synthesis cost; the synthesized ITQ??24 molecular sieve has a stable structure; the synthesis range is wide, the operation is simple and easy, and is convenient for popularization.
The invention relates to a molten salt chemical synthesis carbon powder and a preparation method and application thereof, belonging to the field of chemical synthesis of carbon materials. The preparation method of the molten salt chemical synthesis carbon powder includes weighing the dried CaC powder, the dried CaCO powder and the dehydrated molten salt raw material according to the ratio, placing it in a crucible, putting it into a closed reactor and passing through the inert gas protection; heating the closed reactor to the reaction temperature, holding the 5min~10h to carry out the carbonization reaction to obtain the carbon product; carrying out ultrasonic cleaning of the carbon product, solid-liquid separation, removing molten salt and drying to obtain the carbon powder. The use of this toner material as a negative carbon material for lithium ion electrode has the advantages of improving battery capacity and cycle performance. In addition to carbon, the product of this method is only calcium oxide and does not produce other toxic and harmful substances, and the process is green, environmentally friendly and simple.
The invention relates to a method for relieving the thermal stress in the connection process between porous silicon nitride ceramics and transparent aluminum oxide ceramics. Porous alumina ceramics are used as a transition layer to alleviate the thermal stress in the connection process between porous silicon nitride ceramics and transparent aluminum oxide ceramics. The porosity of the porous alumina ceramics is 30% 70%, preferably 45% 65%.
The invention belongs to the field of building materials and discloses a preparation process of corrosion-resistant and freeze-resistant aerated brick, which comprises the following steps: step 1) preparing material A, step 2) preparing material B, step 3) preparing material C, step 4) preparing material D, step 5) preparing mixture, step 6) preparing aerated brick. The invention uses waste slag as the main raw material and auxiliary other raw materials, and the preparation process is simple, and the prepared aerated brick has the advantages of corrosion resistance, freezing resistance, high strength and good thermal insulation performance.
The invention relates to a preparation method of novel non-woven fabric with bacteriostatic effect, which comprises the following steps: (1), preparing modified nano-titanium dioxide; (2), spinning; (3), loosening; (4), carding; (5), laying the net; the novel non-woven fabric of the invention has good bacteriostatic effect, high strength, no pilling in the use process and good use performance.
The invention relates to the field of comprehensive utilization of resources and the preparation field of inorganic non-metallic materials, in particular to a rock wool directly prepared by electric furnace melting sponge iron slag and a preparation method thereof; the method of directly preparing rock wool by electric furnace melting sponge iron slag does not need to add any modifier, and the acidity coefficient of the sponge iron slag is more than 1.5, and the sponge iron slag contains 60.13% FeO The sponge iron slag is selected as the slag for electric furnace steelmaking with sponge iron as the raw material; the invention directly uses the hot sponge iron slag to prepare rock wool, and combines the process utilization heat with the recovery heat, thus saving the energy consumption of melt heating, centrifugal fiber formation and rock wool curing, and greatly reducing the production cost of rock wool. The invention not only realizes the high efficiency energy-quality coupling utilization of the slag of electric furnace steelmaking, achieves the purpose of energy saving and emission reduction in the iron and steel metallurgical industry, but also creatively applies the sponge iron slag to the preparation of rock wool without quenching and tempering, which has remarkable environmental, economic and social benefits.
The sintering method of the porous glass base material causes the hanging porous glass base material to move relatively relative to the heating furnace, heat the porous glass base material from one end to the other end sequentially to carry out transparent vitrification of the porous glass base material, and measure the conveying speed V of the porous glass base material and the moving speed Vw of the lower end of the glass base material. For the elongation of the straight cylinder of the porous glass base material calculated based on the ratio Vw/V, for the transport volume L of each porous glass base material, a target value α (L) greater than 1 is preset to carry out the sintering treatment of the porous glass base material, and at least one of the temperature of the reheating furnace and the conveying speed of the porous glass base material is controlled. For each of the transport quantity L, the measured value of the elongation α is consistent with the target value α (L).
The invention relates to a method for preparing perovskite single crystal, belonging to the technical field of perovskite crystal. The preparation method of the perovskite single crystal includes mixing the perovskite precursor and the solvent evenly to obtain a clarified liquid, heating up to the appearance of black turbidity, recording the temperature at which the black turbidity occurs as the crystallization temperature, cooling until the black turbidity completely disappears, heating up again to the crystallization temperature for crystallization and solid-liquid separation to obtain the perovskite single crystal after crystallization at the crystallization temperature. The rapid heating rate of this application can be used to find the crystallization temperature of perovskite single crystal, in which the temperature at which black turbidity occurs is the crystallization temperature. The perovskite single crystal crystallized at this crystallization temperature is larger, and the crystallization process is easy to control. In the process of heating, the black turbidity is small perovskite crystal particles, which can be dissolved by cooling, and the solution becomes clear again. Larger perovskite single crystals can be obtained by heating up to the crystallization temperature at a slower rate.
The variable form wind turbine blade is composed of a blade skeleton (1), a connecting crossbeam (2), a miniature electric push rod (3), a movable crossbeam (4), an inner layer of the blade (5), an external elastic skin (6) of the blade and an independent trailing edge (7). The cross section of the blade skeleton (1) is radially fixed by the connecting crossbeam (2), and a guide groove (8) is arranged in the cross section of the blade skeleton (1). A miniature electric push rod (3) is fixed inside the guide groove (8) and at the trailing edge of the blade skeleton (1), the two ends of the blade movable crossbeam (4) extend into the guide groove (8), and the blade skeleton (1) is provided with an inner layer of the blade (5). The trailing edge of the blade skeleton (1) is provided with an independent trailing edge (7), and the outer elastic skin (6) of the blade inner layer (5) is arranged on the outside. The invention has the beneficial effect of carrying out deformation according to different wind speeds, adjusting the aerodynamic performance of the blade, controlling the power output of the wind turbine, and can replace the variable pitch control system of the traditional wind turbine.
A method for compound fault feature separation and identification of wind power transmission chain is as follows: using accelerometer to obtain vibration signal; using multi-wavelet packet transform to decompose the collected vibration signal in the whole frequency range; taking permutation entropy as the evaluation index, the single signal that meets the requirements is selected to reconstruct respectively to complete signal noise reduction and compound fault separation. The energy operator demodulation method is used to process the reconstructed signal to identify the fault information.
The invention discloses a wind turbine twisting cable protection device. The device is used to protect the twisted cable inside the tower tube of the wind turbine, including a cable bracket, a first cable clamp and a second cable cl the cable bracket is installed in the lower part of the tower tube, which is used to carry the twisted cable and make the twisted cable pass down the inner wall of the tower tube; the first cable clip is one, and the first cable clip is installed on the tower tube platform plate at the lower part of the tower tube, and the first cable clamp is used to clamp the twisted cable and drive the twisted cable to move up and down along the tower tube axis. The second cable clamp is a plurality of cable clamps, and a plurality of second cable clamps are installed at intervals on a plurality of tower tube platform plates between the first cable clip and the top of the tower drum, and the second cable clamp is used for clamping the torsion cable and driving the torsion cable to rotate and move up and down along the tower tube. The wind turbine twist cable protection device of the invention can ensure the torsion uniformity of the twist cable inside the tower tube in the yaw process of the engine room, and avoid the problem of premature damage of the twist cable due to the uneven rotation of each section of the twist cable.
The application discloses a wind turbine yaw control method, a device, a device and a computer-readable storage medium. The method includes the following steps: the yaw stop angle is obtained according to the set second pair of wind deviation angle, and the yaw start angle is obtained by using the set first pair of wind deviation angle and the second pair of wind deviation angle under the condition of satisfying the constraint conditions. To judge whether the wind turbine is connected to the grid and whether the current wind speed is greater than or equal to the cut-in wind speed, and if it is connected to the grid and greater than or equal to the cut-in wind speed, the wind deviation angle is obtained in real time and judged whether the wind deviation angle is greater than the yaw start angle. If it is greater than the yaw start angle, the yaw system is controlled to start the yaw, and the wind deviation angle after start is obtained in real time to judge whether the wind deviation angle after start is less than or equal to the yaw stop angle, and if it is less than or equal to the yaw stop angle, the yaw system is controlled to stop the yaw. The above technical scheme disclosed in this application can reduce the invalid yaw times of wind turbine and improve the economy of wind turbine yaw.
The invention provides a peak shaving power supply control method and a device, which relates to the technical field of power supply. By obtaining the current time, and then determining the power supply period according to the corresponding relationship between the current time and the preset power supply period, wherein, the power supply period includes the first period, the second period and the third period. Finally, the power generation device and the energy storage device are controlled to supply power according to the power supply period. The peak shaving power supply control method and the device provided by the invention have the effect of more stable power supply.
The utility model discloses a data collector for wind turbine blade fault monitoring, which comprises a shell, an acquisition module, a CPU module, a power conditioning module and a lightning protection module; the acquisition module acquires the fan blade state data collected by the sensor in real time and transmits it to the CPU module The CPU module processes the fan blade state data transmitted by the acquisition module, and obtains the fan state data from the fan main controller, and uploads the fan state data and the processed fan blade state data to the server; the power conditioning module supplies power for the acquisition module and the CPU module; and the lightning protection module provides lightning protection. The utility model also discloses a fan blade condition monitoring system. The utility model can improve the reliability of data acquisition and the adaptability in the harsh environment of the wind field.
The invention relates to a method for evaluating the topology of a MTDC system of a grid-connected wind farm, which belongs to the field of multi-terminal flexible DC transmission. The invention solves the problem that there is a lack of feasible, comprehensive and comprehensive topological structure evaluation system aiming at the advantages and disadvantages and operation characteristics of various topological structures. The invention takes the stability, economy and flexibility of the topological structure as the evaluation criteria, takes the influence factors of each evaluation criterion as the evaluation index of the criteria, and uses the analytic hierarchy process to establish a multi-index evaluation system for the topological structure of the MTDC system connected to the wind farm. By determining the weight of each evaluation index and the weight of each evaluation criterion, the invention evaluates the topological structure from many aspects, multi-dimensions and multi-levels. The evaluation is more comprehensive and the evaluation results are more reliable, which has a certain practical significance in engineering. The invention can be used in the field of multi-terminal flexible DC transmission.
The invention discloses a cable limiting device for twisting cables in wind power towers, which relates to the technical field of wind turbine components Include a support mechanism fixed to the inner wall of the tower tube, a support plate fixed to the support mechanism, a limit hole on the support plate, a rubber ring on the inner periphery of the limit hole, an adjusting plate at both ends of the support mechanism, one end of the adjusting plate fixed on the inner wall of the tower tube, the support mechanism against the upper side of the adjusting plate, and a long adjusting hole on the adjusting plate The bracket mechanism is provided with a fixing bolt at the corresponding position of the adjusting long hole, which passes through the corresponding adjusting long hole and is fixedly connected with the adjusting plate, and the lower side of the regulating plate is fixedly connected with a connecting plate. The adjusting plate and the connecting plate form an angle steel with an L-shaped cross section, and both ends of the regulating plate are fixedly connected with reinforcement, and the connecting plate is fixedly connected with a welding plate, and the welding plate is fixedly connected to the inner wall of the tower tube. The invention has good versatility.
The embodiment of the invention discloses a low voltage crossing control method, a device, a device and a storage medium for a wind power converter. The method includes: monitoring the grid-connected voltage of the wind farm in real time; determining the positive sequence component and negative sequence component of the grid-connected voltage; controlling the wind power converter to enter the low voltage crossing mode according to the positive sequence component; and according to the positive sequence component and negative sequence component, determine the value of symmetrical reactive current provided by the wind power converter to the parallel network during low voltage crossing In the low voltage crossing mode, the wind power converter is controlled to provide reactive current according to the determined value of symmetrical reactive current. The low voltage crossing control method, device, device and storage medium of the embodiment of the invention can inject symmetrical three-phase current into the power grid when the grid-connected voltage falls into symmetry or asymmetry. it can effectively avoid the frequent switching of the wind power converter in the asymmetric reactive power control strategy and the symmetrical reactive power control strategy, which is beneficial to the voltage recovery of the power grid.
The invention discloses an intelligent constant power control method of wind turbine based on BLS. The effective wind speed information of the unit in a certain period of time and the unit output data related to the effective wind speed in the corresponding time period are obtained, the correlation in the obtained unit output data is removed and normalized, the training set of BLS is constructed, and the training set is used to determine the structure and parameters of BLS, and the wind speed estimation model is obtained. the model gives the effective wind speed value online, and then the unit is dynamically decomposed into nonlinear part and uncertain part. The wind speed estimation is used to design a nonlinear compensator for the nonlinear part, and finally the expression of the constant power controller is given. The design process of this method is simple, the mechanical load of the pitch system can be reduced to a certain extent, the implementation cost is low, and there are fewer parameters to be debugged. Compared with the constant power controller currently used in industry, it can improve the power regulation effect and improve the power generation quality of the unit.
The invention relates to a centrifugal self-balancing concentrated force type high-efficiency wind energy power device, which has a wind blade, a power lever and a fulcrum seat, and the power lever is installed on the fulcrum seat in a manner parallel to the tangent of the fulcrum seat but not the center of the fulcrum seat. Each power lever has a wind blade, each power lever is evenly distributed on the fulcrum seat, the outer end of the wind blade is installed and fixed on the connecting seat, and the connecting seat is installed on the power lever through the shaft pin. A spring or shrapnel is arranged between the power lever and the connecting seat to tighten the inner end of the wind blade to the power lever, and there is a counterweight on the connecting seat, and the center of gravity of the counterweight is not on the centerline extension line of the power lever. The fulcrum is a disc, the upper side of the disc is provided with a lever groove for installing the power lever, the lower side is provided with an axial working machine connection hole, and the central part is provided with a central hole to install a conical cover to strengthen the power lever. The invention maximizes the torque and the wind energy conversion efficiency by changing the force arm distance of the wind blade to the fulcrum.
A wind turbine control system includes a controller of a control mechanism of a wind turbine, wherein the controller implements a computerized real-time blade model to calculate the operating parameters of the controller. and the computerized real-time blade model receives a determined operating point of the wind turbine and a real-time estimated rotor plane wind speed value as input. On the other hand, the embodiments of the invention provide a method for controlling a control mechanism of a wind turbine. Advantageously, the invention provides a more flexible and responsive control system that can adapt to changing wind conditions even if those wind conditions are beyond the range normally predicted.
The working principle of a pressure belt for a wind blade translation type fan is that the pressure belt is installed under the fan blades in series, the lower end of the blade shaft falls on the pressure belt, the weight is transferred to the pressure belt, and then transferred to the pressure wheel by the pressure belt, the pressure wheel is installed on the main body of the elevation by the central shaft, and the main body of the elevation is welded with the three-dimensional frame. The invention is used jointly with the wind blade translation type fan of the deep water wave power generation device, the pressure belt is used to bear the blade weight of the wind blade translation type fan, and the pressure belt runs synchronously with the blade shaft, so that the blade runs horizontally at a horizontal height. The distance between the two adjacent pressure wheels is small, and the pressure belt is relatively thick, so the depression on the pressure belt between the two pressure wheels is very small, which solves the problem of falling fan blades in series, and the popularization and application has good economic and social benefits.
The invention provides a compound, which is obtained by splicing the cyanine dye structure of Qijiachuan and the molecular structure of the targeted drug of human epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). The compound of the invention can be used as a double targeting near infrared fluorescence probe of hypoxia and EGFR, and can achieve the purpose of accurate imaging of malignant tumor lesions with high expression of EGFR by targeting tumor marker EGFR and the hypoxia state of tumor cells; in addition, the compound of the invention can also be used as a photosensitizer for cancer treatment.
The invention discloses a traditional Chinese medicine composition for treating diabetic nephropathy, which comprises the following raw materials: 50 parts of Astragalus membranaceus, 15 parts of Angelica sinensis, 15 parts of Euryale fruit, 20 parts of golden cherry fruit, 50 parts of Coptis chinensis and 15 parts of rhubarb. The traditional Chinese medicine composition defines the flavor composition and proportion of effective prescriptions for clinical treatment of diabetic nephropathy, which can significantly improve the early clinical symptoms of diabetic nephropathy, significantly reduce the excretion of urinary Microalbumin in the early stage of diabetic nephropathy, and protect renal function. effectively prevent or delay the progress of diabetic nephropathy.
The invention discloses a PEG modification method of recombinant human IL??24 protein (rhIL??24), which comprises: a. The recombinant prokaryotic expression vector of human IL??24 was constructed, the expression was induced and the inclusion body was obtained. The inclusion body is denatured by selecting denaturant to obtain the denatured protein. The renaturation conditions are determined, the denatured protein is renatured, and the renatured protein is obtained. Under the condition of adding SDS to the renatured protein, the purified target protein was obtained by gel filtration. The purified target protein is fixed-point modified with PEG modifier to obtain the final product. Based on the preparation of high purity recombinant human IL??24 protein, the modified protein was modified by polyethylene glycol to create a space barrier around the modified protein, reduce the enzymatic hydrolysis of the protein, prolong the half-life, and did not affect its antitumor activity in vitro. The utilization rate was increased, and the stability and biological activity were improved.
The application relates to a position anchoring bar code system, a preparation method and an application thereof, which are used for nano-pore sequencing to build a database. The position anchoring bar code system of the application has higher resolution and higher classification accuracy, can significantly reduce the false positive rate of identification, improve the nano-hole sequencing accuracy as a whole, and reduce the sequencing cost.
The invention belongs to the technical field of medicine, in particular to a dexmetomidine hydrochloride injection composition. The dexmetomidine hydrochloride injection composition comprises dexmetomidine hydrochloride, reduced glutathione, sodium chloride and water for injection. The mass ratio of dexmetomidine hydrochloride to reduced glutathione in the injection composition is 0.6-1-4-1. Compared with the prior art, the dexmetomidine hydrochloride injection composition of the invention has good light stability, is not easy to produce visible foreign bodies, is convenient for long-term storage, safe clinical use, good curative effect and less side effects. In addition, the preparation process of the dexmetomidine hydrochloride injection composition is simple, the cost is low, and it is convenient for industrial production.
The invention discloses a recombinant buckwheat trypsin inhibitor BTI mutant, named e??BTI, which is characterized in that the mutant primers are designed according to the gene sequence of BTI, and the S41T and P44T sites of BTI are mutated. The thermal stability of the e??BTI prepared by the invention is obviously higher than that of the BTI, and shows excellent specific affinity with trypsin. The e??BTI can be used to prepare trypsin affinity materials for isolation, purification and identification of trypsin. The invention adopts a simple method to prepare a recombinant buckwheat trypsin inhibitor mutant e??BTI, and the trypsin affinity material obtained by the mutant has high selective adsorption to trypsin and low non-selective adsorption, and trypsin is adsorbed and separated by different eluents, and the target trypsin with high purity can be obtained by one-step purification, and the trypsin finally purified has high catalytic activity.
The invention discloses a synthesis method of anti-trypanosome and anti-cancer natural product Cryptofolione. The invention uses acrolein and enol silyl ether to carry out Mukaiyama Aldol reaction, uses sodium borohydride to reduce ketone to form alcohol, and then uses p-toluenesulfonate pyridine salt to reflux in toluene solution to obtain formula 5 compound. After the reaction of cinnamaldehyde and Evans chiral auxiliaries with Evans Aldol, it was first reduced by diisobutyl aluminum hydride, and then activated with indium. The formula 9 compound was obtained by bromination of propylene, and the formula 9 compound was separated and purified many times by kinetic resolution. The segmented 10 compound was obtained from dimethoxypropane in the presence of pyridine p-toluenesulfonate, followed by the olefin re-decomposition reaction with segmented 5 compound using Grubbs catalyst of the second generation, and the Cryptofolione was obtained by deprotection in the presence of hydrochloric acid.
The invention discloses a method for preparing heavy metal zinc artificial antigen. Aminobenzene)? P??NH??Bn??NOTA (NOTA) was used as chelating agent to couple zinc ion chelating agent complex with carrier protein bovine serum albumin BSA or chicken ovalbumin OVA to prepare artificial antigen. This method added sodium borohydride treatment step on the traditional basis, and improved the coupling efficiency and antiserum titer. The invention also discloses the application of NOTA in preparing heavy metal zinc artificial antigen reagent.
The invention relates to a polynitrogen heterocyclic non-natural chiral amino acid and a synthesis method thereof, which can be applied to the synthesis of molecular blocks of antibiotics and other drugs. Through the use of 2? Polynitrogen heterocyclic non-natural chiral amino acids can be prepared by the substitution, cyclization and decarboxylation of diethyl aminomalonate and halogenated alkanes. The new synthesis method of the invention has the advantages of simple route, low cost, convenient operation, easy commercial production, high chiral purity and good application prospect.
The invention provides a method for industrialized preparation of racemic cardotrex. there are some problems existing in the existing preparation method, such as low racemic cardotrix yield, low purity, difficult by-product removal and difficult discharge. The method is as follows: 1) 2? After the salts of benzylacrylic acid and benzyl glycine were dispersed in the reaction solvent, the mixed solution of condensation agent DCC and acid-binding agent was dripped to produce amidation reaction. The intermediate was obtained by static crystallization. Benzylacrylamide) benzyl acetate; 2) 2? (2? Benzylacrylamide) benzyl acetate was added to the salts of thioacetic acid or thioacetic acid to obtain the target product.
The invention discloses a glucosyltransferase and a whole cell catalytic synthesis of crocetin with glucose as a donor. The method of glucose ester belongs to the field of biomedicine. The glucosyltransferase of the invention comes from Bacillus subtilis (< I > Bacillus Subtilis < / I >) screened by our laboratory, has a nucleotide sequence as shown in SEQ ID NO:1, and the gene encoding the glucosyltransferase has an amino acid sequence as shown in SEQ ID NO:2. The invention discloses a recombinant vector, an expression cassette or a recombinant bacteria containing the coding gene and the enzyme in the synthesis of crocetin. Application of glucose ester. The glucosyltransferase is the only reported microbial glycosyltransferase which can synthesize saffron monosaccharide ester directly. it has the advantages of high stability, good substrate specificity and high regioselectivity. the conversion rate of saffron monosaccharide ester can reach 70%, which has a good application prospect in the preparation of saffron monosaccharide ester.
The invention provides a thin layer identification method for fat-soluble components in Radix Pseudostellariae, which is petroleum ether with a volume ratio of 10:2:1. Chloroform? Ethyl acetate solution was used as the developer. Under the optimized TLC conditions, various fat-soluble components in Radix Pseudostellariae were separated more effectively, and Radix Ophiopogonis, Radix Ophiopogonis and Phyllostachys pubescens could be distinguished. The invention expands the quality evaluation index of Radix Pseudostellariae and enriches the content of quality evaluation.
The invention discloses a kind of accumulating Nissan. The invention relates to acetylneuraminic acid recombinant Bacillus subtilis and its application, belonging to the field of genetic engineering. The invention takes the Bacillus subtilis (Bacillus subtilis 168Δ nagP Δ nagP Δ gamP Δ gamA Δ nagA Δ nagB Δ 1dh Δ pta::lox72) as the expression host, and overexpresses the glucosamine acetylase coding gene GNA1 from Saccharomyces cerevisiae (Saccharomyces cerevisiae S288C), which is derived from Anabaena sp.CH1. Acetylglucosamine isomerase (AGE) and naphthalene from E. coli (Escherichia coli K1). Acetylneuraminic acid synthase (NeuB) was obtained. Acetylneuraminic acid Bacillus subtilis genetically engineered strain, Nine? The production of acetylneuraminic acid reached 190mg/L, which was used for further metabolic engineering to transform Bacillus subtilis to produce Nitrosine. Acetylneuraminic acid laid the foundation.
The invention relates to the field of biotechnology and discloses a combined protein and its application. The combined protein of the invention is a combined protein including Echinococcus granulosus EgFABP protein and EgA31 protein, or a fusion protein of Echinococcus granulosus EgFABP protein and EgA31 protein. The invention uses Echinococcus granulosus EgFABP protein and EgA31 protein as anti-Echinococcus granulosus and / or Taenia lenticularis protein to carry out immune experiments, and the results show that the two proteins have good immune protection effect on dogs and can produce stable antibodies, which has the potential to develop a general vaccine for Taenia solium.
The invention belongs to the technical field of medical products, in particular to an infrared cough paste and a preparation method thereof. The infrared cough paste provided by the invention comprises a cloth, a paste and a release paper, wherein the paste is loaded on the cloth, and the release paper is covered on the paste and the unloaded cloth; wherein, the paste comprises a far infrared material layer, a magnetic powder layer and a peppermint flavor layer, and the farthest layer of the paste is a peppermint flavor layer; the far infrared material layer includes a far infrared material and a medical glue The magnetic powder layer includes magnetic powder and medical glue; the peppermint flavor layer includes peppermint flavor and medical glue. The infrared cough paste provided by the invention plays a therapeutic role on physical properties, and has the advantages of safe use, non-toxicity, no skin irritation, no sensitizing reaction, thorough treatment and not easy to relapse.
The invention provides a sorafenib nano-drug based on small molecular chaperone and a preparation method thereof. the method is based on small molecular chaperone including mixing small molecular chaperone with sorafenib, and preparing sorafenib nano-drug by nano-precipitation method, wherein the small molecular chaperone is amphiphilic fatty acid or its salt. The preparation method is simple, ultra-high drug loading, good reproducibility, green environmental protection, suitable for industrial large-scale production, and the obtained sorafenib nano-drug has good solubility and high stability.
The invention provides a multi-target protein kinase inhibitor and its pharmaceutical composition, and the use of the multi-target kinase inhibitor in the preparation of drugs for treating diseases caused by abnormal protein kinase activity. The multi-target kinase inhibitor of the invention has the general structure formula shown in formula (I). The multi-target kinase inhibitor has ideal inhibitory effect and specific selectivity, and it has a great prospect in the treatment of complex heterogeneous diseases and overcoming drug resistance.
The invention generally relates to compounds regulating the activity of TGF β R 1 and TGF β R 2, pharmaceutical compositions containing said compounds, and methods of using the compounds of the present invention to treat proliferative disorders and apoptotic disorders such as cancer.
The invention discloses a method for synthesizing peptide derivatives, belonging to the technical field of peptide synthesis. The method comprises the following steps: a corresponding acidic polypeptide is prepared from an amide polypeptide with a C-terminal glutamine or asparagine under alkaline conditions; or the corresponding amino acid ester is prepared from an amide polypeptide whose C-terminal is glutamine or asparagine and the N-terminal R group is H, benzyl or 1-alkyl, and the corresponding amino acid cyclic peptide is prepared by adding base after the reaction is completed, and the corresponding acid cyclic peptide is obtained by adding base. Combined with the unique properties of glutamine or asparagine, the terminal amide group is easy to be converted into carboxyl group under alkaline or acidic conditions, and the raw material is stable and easy to obtain. Starting with the existing linear peptide, the amino group is converted into carboxyl group to directly synthesize its derivative peptide. To achieve the purpose of simple, efficient and fast. This method has the advantages of short period, few side reactions, easy removal of impurities and stable quality, which creates a new technical route and idea for the field of cyclopeptide synthesis.
The invention discloses the application of guava leaf extract in the preparation of anti-rotavirus drugs. The guava leaf extract contains 7% ~ 15 wt% 2 α? Hydroxy oleanolic acid, 2 α?? Hydroxyursolic acid and 6-hydroxyursolic acid and 14 wt% asiatica acid were prepared by the following steps: guava leaves were heated by ethanol or methanol for reflux extraction or percolation extraction, decompression and concentration to get the extract, the extract was stirred with water, centrifuged and precipitated to obtain guava leaf extract. The invention first discovers 2 α in the guava leaf extract. Hydroxy oleanolic acid, 2 α? Hydroxyursolic acid and asiatica acid have significant anti-rotavirus effect, which broadens the medicinal use of guava leaf extract.
The invention discloses a kind of Nissan. Heterocyclic thiosemicarbazone mixed valence copper complex and its application, the chemical formula is [Cu (L) (Br) Cu], where L is (E)? Dimethyl? 2? (quinoline?? 8? (methyl methylene) hydrazine thioamide. The compound of the invention shows obvious fluorescence in the green region of the visible spectrum (about 450??600nm) and can be used for fluorescence-based cell imaging. Intracellular imaging studies show that the target compound is located in mitochondria, which can lead to the activation of mitochondrial-mediated apoptosis pathway and kill cells. The compound of the invention can be used for imaging and treatment of tumor cells at the same time, and has good application value.
The invention relates to the technical field of medicine, in particular to a method for separating and purifying total iridoid glycosides, total soybean isoflavones, total flavonoids and total anthraquinone effective parts from Gardenia rhubarb decoction, including preparing the crude extract of Gardenia rhubarb decoction by soaking or reflux in aqueous solution, and then eluting and purifying with a small amount of water and different concentrations of ethanol solution by macroporous adsorption resin. After vacuum concentration, high purity total iridoid glycosides, total flavonoids, total isoflavones and total anthraquinone effective parts were obtained. The preparation method of the invention has the advantages of simple operation, low cost, high product purity and high yield, does not pollute the environment and is suitable for industrial production.
The application belongs to the biomedical field and discloses the following aspects: an anti-PD L1 antibody or a functional fragment thereof; a nucleic acid molecule encoding the anti-PD??L1 antibody or the functional fragment thereof, an expression vector and host cell for expressing the anti-PD??L1 antibody or its functional fragment; and a method for preparing the anti-PD??L1 antibody or its functional fragment An immune conjugate containing the anti-PD??L1 antibody or its functional fragment and a pharmaceutical composition thereof; and the use of the anti-PD??L1 antibody or its functional fragment in the preparation of a drug for the treatment of T cell dysfunctional diseases.
The invention belongs to the field of chemical medicine, in particular to an 1H-[1mage2jue 3] triazole and [4pyr5murc] quinoline derivative and a preparation method and use thereof. The invention provides an 1H-[1magent2mer3] triazole and [4pyr5murc] quinoline derivative, the structure of which is as shown in the formula Ⅰ. The invention also provides a preparation method and use of the 1H-[1mem2mae3] triazoles and [4mae5murc] quinoline derivatives.
The invention discloses the application of an extract of Fusarium oxysporum A654 in the preparation of whitening cosmetics. The Fusarium oxysporum A654 extract is prepared by the following methods: Fusarium oxysporum Fusarium oxysporum A654 is used as a fermentation strain, the fermentation culture is obtained by liquid fermentation, the mycelium and the fermentation broth are separated, the fermentation liquid is extracted with ethyl acetate, and the extract is concentrated to obtain the Fusarium oxysporum A654 extract. Through the experiment, it is found that the IC value of the extract of Fusarium oxysporum A654 on tyrosinase is 160.35 μ g / mL, and the inhibitory effect on tyrosinase is equivalent to that of vitamin C. Therefore, the extract of Fusarium oxysporum A654 of the invention has obvious inhibitory effect on tyrosinase and can be used to prepare tyrosinase inhibitor and apply to whitening cosmetics.
The invention relates to the field of 3D printing materials, in particular to an UV-curable high hardness material for 3D printing and a preparation method thereof, which includes at least 70 parts by weight of oligomer, 30 parts of diluent, 5 parts of photoinitiator, 10 parts of filler, 0.1 part of defoamer and 1 part of other functional auxiliaries. Compared with the conventional 3D printing UV curing material, the 3D printing material of the invention can reach the hardness of more than 78Shore D and the highest hardness of 90Shore D, and has excellent properties such as high hardness, high tensile strength, high light transmittance and the like, so it has a very broad application prospect and can be widely used in various fields such as automobile industry, aerospace, mechanical accessories, household appliances, electronic devices and the like.
A method for preparing an amorphous nanocrystalline alloy with high permeability includes that: according to the content of various elements in the composition expression of the amorphous nanocrystalline alloy, the composition expression of the amorphous nanocrystalline alloy is FeCoSiBCuMM', where M is at least one of V, Ta and Nb, and M'is at least one of Ti, Zr, Hf, Ni, Ge, Cr, Mn, W, Zn, Sn, Sb, Mo, Y and Al. A, b, c, d, e, f and g denote the atomic percentage content of the corresponding elements, respectively, and satisfy: 74 ≤ a ≤ 82 ≤ 5 ≤ c ≤ 15 ≤ d ≤ 13 0.2 ≤ e ≤ 1.5 ≤ f ≤ 4 ≤ g ≤ 1 and a+b+c+d+e+f+g=100 The amorphous alloy strip was prepared by melting the master alloy, and the amorphous nanocrystalline alloy material was obtained by magnetic field heat treatment. It has an effective permeability of more than 35000 at 100kHz frequency and a saturation magnetic induction intensity of more than 1.35T.
The invention provides a mobile terminal backplane and a preparation method thereof and a mobile terminal. Wherein, the mobile terminal backplane comprises a thermal conductive layer containing at least one of graphene or graphene oxide, and a thermoplastic resin, and a strength layer disposed on a surface of the thermal conductive layer, and contains glass fiber powder and the thermoplastic resin The protective layer is arranged on the surface of the strength layer away from the thermal conductive layer, and the protective layer contains diamond and the thermoplastic resin. The inventors found that the mobile terminal backplane has the advantages of simple structure, easy to implement, high yield, low cost, large toughness, high damage tolerance, high hardness, good impact resistance, high temperature resistance and good flame retardant performance. it has high relative dielectric constant and strong anti-signal shielding ability, which can well meet the technical requirements of 5G communication.
The invention relates to a graphene quantum dot and multi-walled carbon nanotube composite conductive paste and a preparation method thereof. the paste comprises: graphene quantum dot 0.01nm 1.5wt%, multi-walled carbon nanotube 0.1wt%, dispersant 0.1wt%, solvent 88.5wt% 99.7wt%. At the same time, graphene quantum dots and multi-walled carbon nanotubes were added to the dispersed dispersant solution, and carbon nanotubes were uniformly distributed on the surface of graphene quantum dots by grinding and peeling to form graphene quantum dots and multi-walled carbon nanotubes composite conductive paste. The preparation method of the invention is simple, convenient and easy to operate, can realize industrial production, and the product has good electrical conductivity.
The invention discloses a method for synthesizing LDH@Au composite materials. The present invention passes through 2mm? Hydroxyethyl ether complexed with Zn and Al and then coprecipitated with alkali solution to prepare LDH nanomaterials to form suspension. After the LDH nanomaterials are uniformly dispersed, gold ions and 2o? The complex solution of hydroxyethyl ether was fully mixed and further reacted at high temperature to obtain the corresponding product. The invention overcomes the defects in the prior art that the size of the composite nano-material is difficult to control, the dispersion is uneven, and it is difficult for LDH and Au to form a good composite material. LDH@Au composites have large specific surface area, uniform particle size, adjustable morphology, good drug loading effect and good fluorescence effect. The synthesis method of the invention is simple and convenient, and the prepared LDH@Au composite material has broad medical clinical application value and prospect.
The invention provides a method for preparing iron-selenium (β-FeSe) superconductors with tetragonal crystal structure. The method adopts soluble iron and selenium precursors as raw materials and is mixed with an appropriate amount of reductive organic solvents, sodium hydroxide and surfactants in a reaction kettle. After sealing in an oxygen-free environment, the mixture is heated to the reaction temperature and kept for a certain time, β-FeSe superconducting nanowires with superconductivity can be obtained. The method has the advantages of simple process, low preparation temperature, short reaction time, non-toxic and harmless raw materials, and can synthesize tetragonal crystal structure β-FeSe flake superconducting materials with a thickness of 10 nm and a side length of 500nm to more than ten microns, which can be used to prepare nanoscale superconducting devices.
The invention discloses a method for preparing a two-dimensional nano-sheet. The preparation method comprises the following steps: firstly, adding ammonia water to the mixed solution of manganese acetate and nickel acetate to stir reaction, and then the precipitate is sequentially processed by high-temperature reaction, centrifugal separation, washing and drying to prepare MnNi (OH) two-dimensional nano-sheet; the reaction temperature of the high-temperature reaction is 110mol / L 130 ℃. The invention adopts hydrothermal method, the preparation condition is mild, and the process is simple and energy-saving. The MnNi (OH) two-dimensional nanowires have great application potential in the fields of capacitors, batteries and electrocatalysis.
The invention discloses a corrosion-resistant self-cleaning graphene coating film, which comprises graphene oxide and polydimethylsiloxane, and the mass ratio of graphene oxide to polydimethylsiloxane is 0.5-30%. The surface of corrosion-resistant self-cleaning graphene coating film is processed with a number of convex hulls or pits arranged at intervals. The invention also discloses a preparation method of the film, which comprises stirring graphene oxide and polydimethylsiloxane evenly; placing the mixture in a vacuum drying box for more than 0.5 hours; then injecting organic solvent of 1 to 8 times the mass of polydimethylsiloxane to dilute and stir to obtain the precursor liquid; the precursor liquid is spun on the surface of the substrate for vacuum drying, and the convex hull or pit structure is processed by laser. The invention has good plasticity, flexibility and stability, and realizes the functions of anti-corrosion and self-cleaning on the substrate surface; at the same time, the corrosion-resistant self-cleaning graphene coating film can burn and self-heal after damage, and the preparation method of the invention is simple and suitable for batch production.
The invention provides a method for preparing high composite porosity bone scaffold material by 3D printing, belonging to the field of increasing material manufacturing (3D printing). Based on the 3D gel technology and the pore-forming agent method, the invention first uniformly mixes the cheap pore-forming agent and the ceramic powder, and combines the gel system to configure the slurry with low viscosity and high solid content, which is suitable for printing. The embryo body with macroscopic visible pores is prepared by 3D gel printing, and then the microscopic pores are formed by drying, degreasing, sintering, pore-forming agent decomposition and oxidation into the air. Finally, the bone scaffold composites with high porosity were prepared. The invention can accurately control the size, shape and distribution of macroscopic pores, realizes the preparation of bone tissue scaffold materials with low cost and high composite porosity, and has the advantages of simple process and low cost.
The invention relates to an in-situ binary nano-particle reinforced aluminum matrix composite, in particular to a method for regulating the preparation of in-situ binary nano-particle reinforced aluminum matrix composite. Binary nanoparticles reinforced aluminum matrix composites were prepared by melt direct reaction method. Mechanical stirring and adding rare earth master alloy were used in the melting process of aluminum alloy. Mechanical stirring caused a vortex in the melt, and the rare earth master alloy was quickly dispersed in the melt. and it can make the melt temperature more uniform. The acoustic-magnetic coupling field is applied in the reaction process, and the acoustic flow motion in two different directions ensures the uniform distribution of reinforced particles in the whole melt, and the ultrasonic field is applied in the semi-solidified state to effectively restrain the continued growth of the particles and make their distribution more uniform. the prepared composites are strengthened by heat treatment, so that the grain size is smaller and the nanoparticles are dispersed in the grain and on the grain boundary. And the interface between the particles and the matrix is pure and pollution-free, and finally the in-situ aluminum matrix composites are obtained.
The invention discloses a superconducting magnet based on runway type superconducting ring plate in the application technical field of superconducting magnet. The superconducting magnet consists of a runway type superconducting ring sheet with a heating plate and an insulating sheet stacked into a basic unit, and then the insulating sheet of one basic unit is stacked on the superconducting ring sheet of the next basic unit. Such a plurality of basic units are stacked in turn to form the main body of the superconducting magnet, and then the assembled superconducting magnet body is assembled and fixed by a fixing device. The invention is excited by a flux pump, does not need power leads and welding, reduces the heat leakage source and welding resistance, is convenient for manufacture and assembly, and has the advantages of compact structure, simple disassembly, convenient operation and the like.
The invention discloses a coating spraying and 3D printing cermet material based on (Ti,Me) CN??Co and a preparation method thereof. the cermet material is (Ti,Me) CN??Co and at least one of Ni, Mo and Fe, and the content of (Ti,Me) CN is 60% 95% Co and at least one of Ni, Mo and Fe is 540%. The metal Me in the (Ti,Me) CN is at least one of W, Mo, Ta, V, Cr, Nb and Zr, and is prepared by mixing drying, spheroidizing powder and sintering treatment. Powder spheroidization can be carried out by means of drum spheroidization, radio frequency plasma spheroidization or spray granulation. The cermet material provided by the invention is used as a coating material to improve the bonding force between the coating and the substrate, and as a 3D printing material, the quality of the 3D printing product can be improved.
The invention discloses a method for evaluating the water stability of asphalt mixture, wherein two groups of prismatic mixture specimens are formed, and one group of specimens circulates by ultrasonic vibration in the environment of 20 ℃ ~ 60 ℃, so as to quickly simulate the emulsification and scouring of asphalt by water and particles in the mixture under load and the frost heave effect of ice at low temperature. Then the strength of the two groups of specimens are tested respectively. firstly, the extrusion and peeling process between aggregates under load is simulated, and the internal structure of the mixture is loose, and the loose degree is expressed by S, and then the failure pressure F is applied to characterize the internal resistance of the mixture to external loads. finally, the Fhand S of the two groups of specimens is used to characterize the water stability of the mixture. The evaluation method of the invention can accelerate the damage process to the asphalt pavement under the coupling action of load, moisture, particulate matter, temperature and other factors, and improve the test efficiency; the evaluation method couples the influence of external failure load and internal loose degree on the water stability of mixture, and the result is more scientific.
The invention discloses a kind of NMagnetium in ethanolamine solution. The invention relates to a method for determining the content of dihydroxyethyl glycine, belonging to the field of chemical detection. The method includes adding a predetermined amount of ethanolamine solution sample to an ion exchange resin column filled with a cation exchange resin, wherein the ethanolamine solution sample flows through the cation exchange resin, and ethanolamine is adsorbed on the cation exchange resin. Dihydroxyethyl glycine is discharged from the outlet of the ion exchange resin column with the effluent, and the NMagine in the effluent is determined. The mass fraction of dihydroxyethyl glycine is used to obtain the NMagnetium in the ethanolamine solution. The content of dihydroxyethyl glycine. This method can be used for the accurate determination of NPM in ethanolamine solution. The content of dihydroxyethyl glycine.
The application discloses a mold and a forming method capable of realizing high-throughput component screening, which relates to material screening. The mold includes a charging mold cavity, a plurality of transverse spacers, a base and an indenter. The charging mold cavity has a cavity, which is used to hold raw materials and install other parts. Each of the plurality of transverse spacers is used for lateral installation along the cavity and detachable connection thereof, so as to divide the cavity into a number of equal or unequal intervals, and each interval is used for holding raw materials of different components and different proportions, so that two or more components are selected at the same time. The base is used for installing at the bottom of the charging mold cavity. The pressing head is used for pressing in from the upper end to the lower end of the loading mold cavity to press the raw material into a pressing tablet. In the process of preparing the experimental ingredients, by using the application, two or more kinds of raw materials can directly realize the gradient mixing of continuous changes of components in the mold, and the mixed raw materials in the mold can be pressed at the same time at the same time. the work efficiency is greatly improved.
The invention discloses a rubber wear test device, which comprises a bottom plate, a plate is fixed on the upper surface of the base plate, a support seat is movably installed on the plate, the motor mounting plate is fixedly connected with the rotating shaft, and the top of the motor mounting plate is fixedly equipped with a deceleration motor. one end of the grinding wheel shaft is fixedly installed with a grinding wheel, two supporting columns are arranged vertically on the base plate, and a supporting crossbar is arranged between the tops of the two supporting columns. Two moving rods are movably installed on one side of the supporting crossbar, a rubber installation roller is installed between the ends of the two moving rods, a rubber ring is installed on the rubber installation roller, a counterweight groove is installed on the side of the supporting crossbar, and an exhaust fan is fixed on one side of the mobile installation plate. The rubber wear test equipment is diversified and effective, which avoids inconsistent pressure on the counterweight caused by rubber ring wear, thus improving the accuracy of the test results, rapid installation and disassembly of the rubber ring, and high work efficiency.
The invention discloses a test-bed for the flexural performance of concrete segments, comprising a frame, wherein a first supporting rod is fixedly installed at both ends of the long shaft of the frame through screws, the first supporting rod is L-shaped, the horizontal part of the first supporting rod is embedded and installed with a horizontal hydraulic rod, and the telescopic end of the horizontal hydraulic rod is connected with a lower strengthening support through screws, and a second supporting rod is fixed at both ends of the short shaft of the frame through screws. The upper end of the second support rod is connected with a support frame, and the upper end of the support frame is equipped with a vertical hydraulic rod through screws, and the telescopic end of the vertical hydraulic rod is connected with an upper reinforcement support through screws. When the device is in use, the concrete segment is first placed on two lower reinforcement supports, and then the support frame is sheathed to the upper end of the second support rod, and the bolt is fixed, which can be used for testing. During the test, the concrete segment can be tested by horizontal hydraulic rod and vertical hydraulic rod respectively or at the same time, and the test process is convenient and simple.
The invention relates to the technical field of metal pressure processing equipment, in particular to a steel wire winding press. The steel wire winding press comprises a load bearing frame, a main cylinder driving device, a return driving device, a moving beam, a multi-station mold sliding platform and a multi-station mobile worktable. The upper end of the main cylinder driving device is fixed with the top of the installation cavity. The lower end of the main cylinder driving device is connected with the upper surface of the moving beam, and the return driving device is respectively connected with the left and right sides of the moving beam. The lower surface of the moving beam is connected with the multi-station mold sliding platform, and the multi-station mobile worktable is arranged at the bottom of the installation cavity. The steel wire winding press provided by the invention has both extrusion and die forging functions, complete functions, high integration, convenient operation and wide application range, which not only improves the work efficiency, but also reduces the cost.
The invention provides a local heat treatment method for a large pressure vessel, including the determination of the heat treatment construction scheme and the heat treatment construction; the determination of the heat treatment construction scheme includes determining the heat treatment process; numerical simulation; providing theoretical guidance according to the numerical simulation; taking different measures for the adverse hazards caused in the heat treatment process; experimental monitoring of key parts and key time nodes The construction of heat treatment includes: 1) before heat treatment: preparation of heat treatment documents, personnel and equipment; smooth transition of weld surface and weld cleaning; spot welding of thermocouple and its connection; laying and fixing of heating sheet; in place fixation of thermal insulation cotton tooling; 2) implementation of heat treatment: setting heat treatment curve; heating up; adjustment of heat treatment heat preservation temperature; heat treatment heat preservation; cooling 3) after heat treatment: export and save the heat treatment data; dismantle the heat treatment tools to complete the local heat treatment process of large pressure vessels.
A needle thread (2) is made of steel containing 0.95% ~ 1.03wt% C, 0.15wt% ~ 0.35wt% Si, 0.60wt% ~ 0.80wt% Mn, 0.35wt% ~ 0.45wt% Cr, 0.01wt% ~ 0.05wt% Mo, 0.10wt% Ni and less than 0.026 wt% P The rest are Fe and unavoidable impurities. The line (2) contains a plurality of carbide particles in its metal structure. The average particle size of these carbides is 0.10 μ m ~ 1.0 μ m. The area ratio of these carbides is 10% to 30%. The content of S in steel is less than 0.003%. The Vickers hardness of line (2) is 20000300.
The invention belongs to the technical field of iron and steel manufacturing, in particular to a 390MPa grade high strength if steel Including the following chemical composition and weight percentage is: Carex 0.04%, Si:0.0~0.030%, Mn:0.4%~0.6%, PRV 0.06% 0.085%, Spur0.010%, Al:0.03%~0.1%, Nb:0.01%~0.1%, BRV 0.00050% 0.012%, and the remaining amount is iron and inevitable impurities. The high strength if steel of the invention can avoid a large number of FeTiP precipitates of the steel hindering the development of favorable texture, thereby increasing the plastic strain ratio r value.
The invention belongs to the technical field of cemented carbide and discloses a chemical corrosion method for removing hard phase on the surface of cemented carbide. (1) the cemented carbide is polished, then cleaned and blown dry; (2) the corrosion solution is prepared according to the ratio of 0.2g potassium ferricyanide and 19.8g sodium hydroxide per 100 mL water; the polished cemented carbide is put into the corrosion solution immediately for further treatment; (3) ultrasonic shock treatment for 5mm 30 min (4) turn off ultrasonic wave, set 30mm / 180 min; (5) at room temperature in shaded environment, repeat steps (3) and (4) 3mm / h for 8 times; (6) remove cemented carbide from corrosion solution and put it into water, clean 1??8min with ultrasonic wave, and blow dry the surface of cemented carbide after cleaning. The invention adopts the corrosion process of the combination of chemical corrosion and ultrasonic concussion, the WC phase on the alloy surface is corroded thoroughly, there is no WC residue on the alloy surface, and the bonding phase will not produce oxidation.
The invention discloses a production method of semi-steel smelting weathering steel. The production method includes desulphurization and extraction of vanadium from hot metal containing vanadium, converter smelting of semi-steel, LF refining and slab continuous casting. In the process of semi-steel producing weathering steel, the invention reduces dephosphorization by changing slag material in the converter production process, so that the phosphorus in semi-steel remains in the steel, the addition of phosphorus and iron is reduced, the addition of phosphorus and iron is reduced in 1.0~1.5kg/t steel, the consumption of lime is reduced in 10~13kg/t steel, and the production cost of weathering steel is reduced.
The utility model discloses a steel roll centering device, which is composed of a conveying device, a centering device and a drilling device. the centering device is a three-roll centering structure, and the centering device includes a base, and a rotating driving oil cylinder is fixedly arranged on the side of the base. The base is hinged with a first swing arm, a second swing arm and a third swing arm, all of which include two transverse arms and two connecting parts of the transverse arm, and an angle is formed between the two transverse arms. The connecting part of the first swing arm is hinged to the upper left of the base, the connecting part of the second swing arm is hinged to the lower left of the base, the connecting part of the third swing arm is hinged to the lower right of the base, and one end of the first swing arm is fixed with a first centering roller. The second centering roller is fixed at one end of the second pendulum arm, and the third centering roller is fixed at one end of the third pendulum arm. The application can not only improve the positioning accuracy of the steel roll center. At the same time, it also improves the efficiency of centering and drilling steel rolls.
The invention discloses a production method of 301 stainless steel and 301 stainless steel and its application, which is characterized in that it comprises the following steps: smelting of billet; heating of slab; rolling of slab; solid solution treatment; pickling and leveling; rolling After cold annealing and pickling furnace temperature of 1207 ~ 1216 ℃, the plate of 1.0~1.5mm was fully dissolved by solid solution and pickling operation of L 80~97.5mpm. Finally, a 2B surface cold rolled stainless steel product with grain size of 9 / 10 and tensile strength of 1100~1120Mpa was obtained. The beneficial effect of the invention is that by adjusting the product composition and increasing the content of Si and Mo, the new products of 301Si and 301SiMo stainless steel are obtained, at the same time, the harmful elements S and P in steelmaking are controlled, and the pure steel smelting process is implemented to control inclusions, so that 301 stainless steel has higher strength, gives it certain corrosion resistance and meets the use requirements.
The invention provides an economical 520MPa grade weathering stud wire rod, a production method and a stud. The composition of the wire rod is calculated according to the weight percentage as follows: [C] 0.01%, [Si] 0.15%, 0.25%, [Mn] 1.05%, [P] ≤ 0.020%, [S] ≤ 0.015%, [Al] 0.02% 0.06%, [Ni] 0.25% 0.45%. [Cr] 0.30% / 0.60%, [Cu] 0.20% / 0.40%, [V] 0.04% / 0.07%, [Ti] 0.005% / 0.030%, [Mo] 0.25% / 0.45% The rest are iron and inevitable impurities; the production method includes smelting. Continuous casting? Billet heating? Rolling? Silk spinning? When the wire rod is cooled, the stud produced by the wire rod has remarkable weather resistance, the yield strength is not lower than 520MPa, and good weldability is maintained at the same time.
The invention discloses a hot rolled pickling strip with low cost and high reaming performance and a production method thereof. the mass percentage (%) of chemical composition of the raw material is as follows: C 0.05, 0.1%, Si 0.1%, Si 0.1%, mn, 0.9, 1.6%, P, ≤, 0.02%, S, ≤, 0.015%, NB, 0.01, 0.05, 0.05, Al, 0.01, 0.05, RE, 0.002, 0.05, 0.05%. The rest are Fe and inevitable impurities. The production method of hot rolled pickling strip with high reaming performance includes hot metal pretreatment, converter smelting, refining, continuous casting, hot rolling, leveling and pickling. The microstructure of the strip steel produced by the invention is ferrite + bainite, wherein the volume ratio of bainite is 1020%, the tensile strength of the strip is ≥ 590MPa, the reaming rate is λ ≥ 95%, and has excellent surface quality of the strip.
The invention provides a flux-cored electrode forming module, a preparation device and a preparation method thereof. When the flux-cored electrode forming module is used, a long hollow shell (1) with a hollow shape is first formed in the shell forming part, and then the flux (11) is injected into the hollow part of the shell through the flux core injection channel (3), thus solving the problem that in the prior art, the flux is coated on the outer layer of the alloy tube and bonded through the binder, resulting in a large amount of smoke in the process of use. The flux-cored electrode produced by the method of continuous preparation of flux-cored electrode does not have creases, which avoids the contamination of the electrode caused by lubricating oil entering into the crease in the later drawing process.
The invention belongs to the technical field of cast iron production, in particular to a vermicularizer for high efficiency vermicular graphite cast iron, a preparation and a production method thereof. The invention solves the problems of large amount of vermicularizer rare earth RE, unstable vermicular rate in the production process of vermicular iron, large overcooling of molten iron and the like. The formulation of the vermicularizer provided by the invention is as follows: the Mg content is 8.0cm, 15.0wt.%, the Ca content is 2.0cm, 5.0wt.%, the NB content is 1.0cm, 2.0wt.%, the RE content is 0.5cm, 2.5wt.%, the Si content is 40cm, 50wt.%, and the rest is Fe and a small amount of impurities. The application of the invention in vermicular iron production can obviously improve the morphology of vermicular graphite and effectively control the formation of carbides. At the same time, the invention not only reduces the content of RE in the traditional vermicularizer, but also can obtain stable vermicular graphite, so it can be widely used in the production of vermicular iron parts to ensure the efficient and stable production of vermicular graphite cast iron.
The invention provides a preparation method of sulfur free-cutting stainless steel, which comprises the following steps: alloy raw materials are successively smelted by EF smelting, AOD smelting and LF smelting to obtain alloy liquid; the alloy liquid is molded to obtain casting ingots; the ingots are opened and rolled to obtain sulfur free-cutting stainless steel. By adopting a new technological route of electric furnace + AOD+LF+ die casting, and on the basis of meeting the requirements of chemical composition, the invention realizes the control of low nitrogen content through AOD smelting, and controls the nitrogen content less than 200ppm, so as to improve the cold and hot plasticity of the material and the plasticity of the finished product, and effectively improve the hot processing yield and comprehensive performance index of the material. The invention also provides a sulfur series free-cutting stainless steel.
The invention relates to a manufacturing method of low-cost cold-rolled high-strength steel for shelves. The manufacturing method includes blast furnace hot metal smelting, hot metal desulphurization pretreatment, converter molten steel smelting, LF molten steel refining treatment, slab continuous casting, hot continuous rolling, pickling cold continuous rolling, continuous annealing and leveling.
The invention belongs to the technical field of welding materials, in particular to a co-melting flux and a preparation method thereof. A co-melting flux includes the following components in terms of weight percentage: cleaning solution 86%, alcohol 2%, alcohol 4%, acid 12%, acid 20%. The flux made by the preparation method provided by the invention has a scale-free formula, has no effect on the temperature of the casting and welding mold, eliminates mold cleaning, and prolongs the service life of the mold; the material used has no effect on the battery in use and is harmless to the battery.
An austenitic stainless steel having a base metal and a film formed on at least part of the surface of the base metal, the chemical composition of which is less than 0.05% by mass. Below Si:1.0%, under Mn:2.0%, under 0.040%, under 0.010%, under 0.020%, N: less than 0.050%, Ni:12.0~27.0%, Cr:15.0% above and less than 20.0%, Cu: greater than 3.5% and less than 8.0%, Mo: greater than 2.0% and less than 5.0%, Co:0.05% below, Below Sn:0.05%, VRV 0.5%, Nb:0~1.0%, Ti:0~0.5%, WRV 0. 0%, Zr:0~1.0%, Al:0~0.5%, Ca:0~0.01%, BRV 0. 01%, REM:0~0.01%, margin: Fe and impurities The chemical composition at the maximum Cr depth of the film can be calculated as at% [(Cr+Ni+Cu+Mo) / Fe ≥ 1.0].
The invention discloses a transformer steel plate shaping device, comprising a base; a shaping table, including a bottom plate, a back plate and a partition plate, which are erect on the bottom plate in a T-shaped shape; a side pressure mechanism, including a first cylinder and a second cylinder arranged on the shaping table, the first cylinder and the second cylinder are respectively located on both sides of the clapboard, and the output rod is provided with a side pressure block, which cooperates with the diaphragm to form double-sided pressure. The upper pressing mechanism includes a third cylinder and a fourth cylinder located above the shaping table, the third cylinder and the fourth cylinder are respectively located on both sides of the clapboard, and an upper pressing block is arranged on the output rod, and the upper pressing block is coordinated with the bottom plate to form double-sided pressure. The material transfer mechanism includes a fifth cylinder located behind the shaping table, the output rod of the fifth cylinder is firmly connected with the back plate, the fifth cylinder controls the shaping table to switch back and forth between the processing position and the loading and unloading position, and the processing position is located directly below the upper pressure mechanism. The invention also discloses a shaping method of transformer steel sheet.
The invention discloses a method for eliminating surface cracks of medium and thick plates of ultra-wide width high nitrogen austenitic stainless steel. The proportion of medium axis grain of continuous casting billet is not less than 85%; the surface roughness of the slab after grinding is Ra ≤ 100 μ m, and the high temperature anti-oxidation coating is sprayed; the billet is successively treated with preheating section temperature 980-1100 ℃, heating section temperature 1100-1230 ℃, soaking section temperature 1200-1230 ℃, and the furnace time is 3-4 hours; the first stage rolling temperature is ≥ 1150 ℃, the final rolling temperature ≥ 950 ℃ In the second stage, the starting temperature is ≥ 1120 ℃, the finishing temperature is ≥ 950 ℃, the high temperature solution temperature is 980 to 1050 ℃, the furnace time is 2~5min/mm, and the water is cooled to room temperature. Product wide 2200~4000mm, thick 20~60mm. The scrap rate of surface cracks decreased from more than 10% to less than 2%. The product is suitable for structural components with high toughness and high strength under impact load.
The invention discloses a grade B acid-resistant pipeline steel plate and a pipe-making method thereof Its chemical composition and mass percentage are as follows: Corel 0.010%, Si:0.10%~0.30%, Mn:0.80%~0.90%, P ≤ 0.015%, S ≤ 0.0010%, Ni:0.10%~0.20%, Cu:0.10%~0.20%, Nb:0.020%~0.040%, Mo:0.08%~0.15%, Ti:0.01%~0.02%, Ca:0.001%~0.003%, Al:0.01%~0.04%, margin for Fe and inevitable impurities. The invention adopts a unique component design, and carries out pipe manufacturing through the processes of edge milling, pre-bending, forming, welding, flaw detection, diameter expansion, hydraulic test, etc., and realizes the requirements of B-grade acid-resistant pipeline steel pipe.
The invention provides a method for controlling manganese content in molten steel, which comprises the following steps: (1) low-phosphorus rich manganese ore concentrate and low-phosphorus iron ore concentrate are mixed in the process of sinter proportioning to obtain sinter; (2) smelting manganese-rich hot metal with sinter to obtain manganese-rich hot metal with manganese content of 1525%, carbon content of 30.5%, iron content of 700.0%, P content of ≤ 0.07%, S content of less than 0.03% (3) adding molten iron of conventional composition into the converter, controlling the blowing end point temperature of molten steel ≥ 1670 ℃, and controlling the blowing end point phosphorus content of molten steel ≤ 0.017%; (4) adding manganese-rich molten iron to the empty ladle before tapping of the converter; (5) adding silicon alloy and manganese alloy or carbon powder to the molten steel from tapping to 2cm / 4. The purity of molten steel obtained by the method of the invention is high, compared with the existing method, the cost and energy are greatly saved, and the recovery rate of manganese in the manganese ore can reach more than 80%.
The invention discloses a method for controlling phosphorus content in high strength and toughness heavy rail steel by converter. The process route is as follows: KR hot metal pretreatment desulphurization-top and bottom combined blowing converter-LF refining-VD refining-280 × 380mm billet connection. The invention overcomes the problem of high phosphorus content in the existing high strength and toughness heavy rail steel production, and provides a method which can effectively control the phosphorus content.
The invention relates to a chromium alloy bar and a preparation method thereof. by adding Al and N in the process of smelting 40Cr steel, chromium alloy bars containing 0.020% Al and 0.007% 0.010 wt% N are obtained. Under the condition of not changing the existing equipment and process, the invention solves the problem of coarse grain size of alloy bar in the process of low rolling ratio of 40Cr steel through chemical composition adjustment, and obviously improves the grain size of steel by using the matching function of Al and N, and realizes the effect of fine grain strengthening. Under the same rolling condition, the grain size of 40Cr steel can be 1.5% higher than that of existing steel, which makes up for the problem of high grain size caused by the lack of existing equipment capacity, reduces equipment investment, and has good economic benefits and application prospects.
The invention belongs to the technical field of tunnel construction and discloses a deep-buried circular tunnel for excavating surrounding rock. Prediction method of stress and deformation of lining. The method includes the following steps: (a) obtaining the relevant parameters of the deep-buried circular tunnel to be dug; (b) calculating the radius of the outer plastic area of the tunnel to be dug, the maximum radial deformation of the surrounding rock of the tunnel wall to be dug, and the radial stress and radial deformation at the junction of the elastic region and the plastic zone; (c) calculating the initial radial deformation of the surrounding rock at the installation of the lining. (d) construct the tunnel mechanics model and calculate the radius r, the radial deformation and radial stress of the surrounding rock when the radial force of the lining and the surrounding rock reaches equilibrium; (e) calculate the radial stress and radial deformation of the lining where the lining is installed, as well as the final radial stress and radial deformation of the surrounding rock, so as to predict the force and deformation of the lining and surrounding rock. Through the invention, the prediction result can be obtained conveniently and quickly, the process is simple and the result is accurate, and can be widely used in engineering.
The invention relates to a method for changing the stator winding of a stator linear synchronous motor with a medium speed maglev train length. The stator segment winding commutation system of medium speed maglev train consists of a main converter unit U, an auxiliary converter U, two groups of feed cables, and a long stator linear synchronous motor stator winding placed in the middle of the track. The main converter unit U is a large-capacity converter, which meets the power output requirements in the state of traction acceleration, while the capacity of the auxiliary converter unit U is smaller than that of the main converter unit U, which is used to regulate the current of the lower sub-winding in the process of changing steps. When the train runs in the stator winding n, the main converter unit U participates in the power supply. When the train is in the state of changing steps from the stator section winding n to the stator section winding nasty 1, the stator section winding n is supplied by the main converter unit U, and the stator section winding nasty 1 is supplied by the main converter unit U and the auxiliary converter unit U in parallel. When the train fully enters the stator winding nylon 1, only the main converter unit U supplies power.
The invention provides a static strength test method of the empty rail train body, which uses the static strength test equipment of the empty rail train body. the test method is as follows: step 1: according to the size of the empty rail car body, determine the position and size of the support assembly; step 2: connect the connection assembly to the support assembly Step 3: connect the empty rail car body to the connecting component: step 4: determine the position of the constraint component according to the position of the empty rail car body; step 5: determine the position of the loading component according to the position of the empty rail car body; step 6: operate the loading component to load the static load. The static strength test method of the empty rail train body provided by the invention does not need the constraint assembly and the loading component to provide the clamping force for the empty rail car body, reduces the strength requirements for the constraint assembly and the loading component, and improves the testing accuracy.
The invention provides a method, a device and a system for evaluating the wheel wear of a rail transit vehicle, wherein, the method comprises the following steps: reading the wheel debris quality collected in a plurality of sampling periods from the sampling points arranged beside the track For each sampling period, according to the wheel debris quality collected during the sampling period and the total number of times that each vehicle runs on the track from the beginning of the sampling period to the end of the sampling period, the cumulative wear amount of each vehicle at the end of the sampling period is obtained. According to the operation information of each vehicle in each sampling period and the cumulative wear amount at the end of the corresponding sampling period, the corresponding relationship between the vehicle operation information and the cumulative wear amount is obtained; according to the operation information of the vehicle to be evaluated, the corresponding relationship is queried, and the cumulative wear amount of the vehicle to be evaluated is obtained. Through this method, the real-time detection and prediction of tire wear can be achieved.
The invention provides a track circuit alarm limit adjustment method based on big data, which sets an acquisition module, a storage module and an analysis module.; the track circuit alarm limit adjustment method comprises the following steps: step 1, the acquisition module real-time collects the electrical characteristic parameters of each track circuit in each station, and stores them in the storage module in order of the electrical characteristic parameters. Step 2, the analysis module traverses the electrical characteristic parameters from the current time to the preset time in the storage module to obtain the fluctuation range of the electrical characteristic parameters; step 3, the analysis module dynamically adjusts the alarm limit value of the electrical characteristic parameters according to the fluctuation interval. The track circuit alarm limit adjustment method based on big data has the advantages of scientific design, strong practicability, high reliability and saving time and effort.
The invention discloses an asynchronous electric compensation voltage sharing device and a control method based on a vehicle supercapacitor. The device comprises a DC/AC unit, a synchronous rectifier unit, a super capacitor block unit, a voltage and current acquisition unit and a control unit. The control method includes the following steps: the control unit establishes the state space model of the supercapacitor unit and the corresponding sliding mode observer model. Based on the data measured off-line and the real-time data collected by the voltage and current acquisition unit, the sliding mode observer is used to estimate the internal voltage of each supercapacitor unit. The control unit judges whether voltage equalization is necessary according to the internal voltage value and voltage threshold of each supercapacitor, and outputs the corresponding control quantity to the synchronous rectifier unit. the charge and discharge of the corresponding supercapacitor unit is controlled by controlling the state of the drive switch in the synchronous rectifier unit to realize voltage equalization. The invention has good voltage balancing effect and high efficiency.
The utility model relates to a rail transit safety platform based on Lenz's law, which comprises a platform body, a mosaic shell is fixed on the right side of the platform body, and a balance plate is installed at the lower end of the mosaic shell. When the balance plate is in a normal state, the upper surface of the left end of the balance plate is sliding and installed with a sliding block, and the upper end of the sliding block is elastically connected with a fixed shell by a pressure spring. A fixing rod is fixed on the upper surface of the fixing shell, and a pedal is fixed on the upper end of the fixing rod. Through the combined use of balance plate, sliding block, fixed shell, pressure spring, fixed rod, pedal and extrusion spring, it can effectively drive the lifting of the safety baffle when people are about to cross the yellow line. isolate pedestrians to places outside the safety zone, so as to prevent pedestrians from moving forward, thus ensuring people's safety and health, avoiding accidents and leading to station disorder.
The invention discloses a car body structure of a suspended monorail train, comprising two top cover side beams and two bottom frame side beams extending along the length direction of the car body and two bottom frame side beams, as well as a coupler crossbeam and an installation structure for bolting and connecting the couples. the installation structure is fixedly connected to the front end of the two top cover side beams, the hook cross beam is fixedly connected to the rear end of the two top cover side beams, and also includes the landing beam and the bogie. The inner side of the top cover side beam is provided with a horizontal supporting arm, the upper surfaces of the two ends of the landing crossbeam are respectively offset with the lower surfaces of the two top cover side beams and are connected by bolts, and the upper surface of the middle part of the landing crossbeam is connected with the bogie. The utility model improves the structural safety, and has the advantages of low assembly precision, convenient on-site manufacturing, easy disassembly and convenient later maintenance. The force transfer path of the car body structure is reasonable, and the whole structure has excellent strength and stiffness performance. The invention also discloses a suspended monorail train comprising the car body structure.
The utility model relates to an unlocking movement mechanism of a rail change support axle box, belonging to the field of vehicle rail change and testing. Include an axle box limit supporting table plate bolted on the outer Ima crossbeam structure, a table plate support transverse limit connection assembly placed on the upper surface of the outer side of the axle box limit support table board installation, and a table plate support roller group installed on the upper surface of the mounting inner side of the axle box limit support table board A cross-connected actuator assembly is installed between the table support transverse limit connection assembly and the table support roller group. The cross-connecting type actuator assembly of the utility model completes the unlocking and locking movement under the action of the vertical locking and unlocking actuator connecting assembly, and the structure is simple and convenient. The connection between the slide body of the double-sided cross guide bar and the horizontal lateral force simulation actuator connector and the horizontal lateral force simulation actuator support not only meets the requirements of the actual lateral force, but also ensures the synchronous unlocking movement of the two wheels.
The embodiment of the invention provides a rescue method and electronic equipment for connecting passengers after a subway train malfunction. the method comprises the following steps: when the faulty bus does not have the ability to travel to the offline location, the current position of the faulty bus is determined; according to the current position of the faulty bus, at least one rescue mode corresponding to the current position of the faulty bus is determined, and the rescue time required for each rescue mode is calculated. Select the rescue mode with the shortest rescue time to rescue the faulty bus. According to the different parking positions of the subway faulty bus, the embodiment of the invention puts forward a variety of standby rescue modes, selects the rescue mode with the shortest rescue time to rescue the faulty bus, and the dispatcher can adopt the corresponding rescue scheme according to the specific fault. it can complete the rescue as soon as possible, reduce the probability of large area delay and reduce the adverse impact on the operation of the whole line network.
The utility model relates to a railway maintenance machinery, in particular to a drainage trench excavating device for a railway bridge, which comprises a supporting arm and a digging arm, one end of the supporting arm is connected with a sieve cleaning machine, one end of the digging arm is hinged with the supporting arm, and the other end is equipped with a digging bucket wheel, a digging motor is also installed on the digging arm, and the digging motor and the digging bucket wheel are connected by chain drive or gear drive. An oil cylinder telescopic device is connected between the supporting arm and the digging arm. The drainage trench excavation device provided by the utility model is fixed at the bottom of the frame, and a set of digging devices are installed on the left and right sides of the screening vehicle, and the gutter excavation is carried out after cleaning the guide groove and before backfilling ballast, which can realize the ballast cleaning of the gutter area on both sides of the bridge and restore the drainage performance of the track bed.
The invention discloses a device for automatically replacing railway sleepers, comprising a working box, a ground fixing mechanism is fixed on the bottom end face of the working box, and an opening downward working cavity is arranged on the front and rear end face of the working box. a replacement mechanism is arranged on the left inner wall of the working cavity, and the right inner wall of the working cavity is provided with a bit slide groove which is symmetrical and opens to the left. A collecting mechanism is arranged on the inner wall of the side of the bit slider chute away from each other. The invention collects loosely the stones on both sides of the railway sleeper, automatically replaces the sleeper, and refills the stones on both sides of the sleeper after the replacement, so that the constructors are not required to carry the sleeper, so that the hidden danger of safety in the construction process is reduced, and the invention is suitable for popularizing in various major railway maintenance facilities.
The invention discloses a method for judging and correcting the forward trajectory deviation of a trackless intelligent trolley, which obtains the running power provided by the conductive equipment to the tram by running the power supply equipment above the road and the grid pole installed on the tramway. because the power supply line or conductive rail is fixed in the lateral coordinates of the road, the position of the conductive signal marked during power extraction is used to judge and identify the lateral coordinates of the vehicle in the lane. And calculate the offset away from the center of the lane and correct the tram's position to ensure that the tram runs along the road track. The invention can accurately and flexibly control and correct the running track of the trackless intelligent tram, reduce the manufacturing cost, and at the same time make the operation of the trackless intelligent trolley more safe and reliable, and the response speed more sensitive. In particular, compared with the positioning of electronic equipment, it is more immediate, accurate and very high economic benefits.
The invention discloses an escape device of a rail vehicle, a rail vehicle and a rail transit system thereof. The escape device comprises a body and a plurality of telescopic pedals, and the body is provided with a plurality of pedals arranged at intervals along the length direction of the body. The plurality of pedals construct a channel for escape, and the telescopic pedals are connected to one end of the body along the length direction. It can be moved between the extension position and the contraction position along the length direction of the body, and a plurality of telescopic pedals are arranged in the width direction of the body, and the telescopic pedals are suitable for constructing multiple steps with a plurality of pedals when the telescopic pedals are in the extension position. By setting a plurality of telescopic pedals arranged along the width direction at one end of the main body, the telescopic pedals can be extended into the escape channel on the track, and passengers enter the escape channel through the telescopic pedal, which can provide convenience for passengers to escape, and the telescopic pedal extends into the escape channel, which can improve the stability of the coordination between the escape device and the track and ensure the safe escape of passengers.
An apparatus for connecting a crossbeam (411) for accommodating an axle pin to two lower longitudinal beams (602) of a rail vehicle body (1). The crossbeam has a span portion (4116) and a longitudinal portion (4117), which connect the two longitudinal beams to each other in a connected area, and the longitudinal portion extends to the front of the nearest carriage. The lower longitudinal member (602) extends over the entire length of the car body (1) and is composed of multi-cavity hollow profiles, which are composed of fiber composite materials. The number of cavities (604) of the multi-cavity hollow profile of each longitudinal beam (602) is reduced in the connected area so that the wall material of at least one cavity (604) is removed so that the connecting sheet (605) is exposed to the adjacent cavity (604). The load distribution element (613) is engaged at these parts, and the crossbeam (411) is fixed on the load distribution element.
The utility model relates to a rail on-line adding material repair vehicle, in which a rail adding material repairing system 8 is installed on the bottom plate of the car. Each rail adding material repairing system 8 has two sets of equipment, corresponding to two rails. Each set of equipment has pre-heating device 88, adding material repair device and post-repair heat treatment device 89, which can be moved together along the positive and negative directions of the Y axis, and independently along the Z axis. When passing through the position where there is wear or defect on the rail surface, the method of adding material repair can be used to carry out surface coating and surfacing on-line, so as to realize on-line and rapid repair, so as to further improve the rail service life, improve the resource utilization rate of rail materials, prolong the service life of rail, at the same time, shorten the rail maintenance occupation time, reduce labor intensity, and has significant economic and social benefits.
The invention relates to a rail transit window structure based on dimming glass technology. The rail transit window structure based on the dimming glass technology comprises a dimming glass and a display control device. the dimming glass is installed on the rail transit vehicle and is used as the window of the rail transit vehicle. The dimming glass is used for switching to a closed light state to be configured as a sunshade, a heat shield or a sound insulation board, and when the dimming glass is in a closed light state The display control device is used for automatically displaying or projecting a static image or a dynamic image on the dimming glass. The invention also provides a method for playing advertisements of rail transit windows based on dimming glass technology.
The invention discloses a ring coupler buffer, which comprises a buffer element, an end beam connection block and a coupler. The end beam connection block is provided with a placement hole for placing the buffer element and matching the size of the buffer element. A step is arranged on the inner wall of the lower end of the placement hole, and one side of the coupler is provided with a slot for clamping the upper and lower bottom surfaces of the buffer element, and the buffer element is connected with the coupler through a pin. The buffer element includes a cylindrical inner core and a buffer structure arranged around the inner core, which is composed of a plurality of buffer units. The invention is mainly used in the coupler with an end beam, which not only has the advantages of simple structure, convenient installation and maintenance, high installation and maintenance efficiency, but also has the characteristics of short length and light weight, which is beneficial to the development of the whole coupler buffer to the lightweight direction. at the same time, it can effectively reduce the lateral force of the wheelset, avoid accidents such as derailment and rollover of the truck, and has high safety in operation.
The invention provides a railway locomotive automatic trailer control system and a method thereof. the system comprises a central control unit MPU; traction control unit TCU; braking control unit BCU; microcomputer display DDU; locomotive speed acquisition module and coupler state detection module The central control unit MPU is connected with the traction control unit TCU, the brake control unit BCU and the microcomputer display screen DDU two-way signal, and is connected with the locomotive speed acquisition module and the coupler state detection module. When carrying out the trailer operation, the invention automatically controls the low-speed operation of the locomotive, completes the connecting operation, solves the problem of low efficiency and low control precision completely relying on the manual trailer, improves the work efficiency and reduces the labor intensity of the driver.
The invention discloses a bogie frame and a bogie and rail vehicle having the bogie frame. The bogie frame comprises a crossbeam; a left side beam; the left beam is suitable for being connected with the left end of the crossbeam; the right beam is suitable for being connected with the right end of the crossbeam; the left beam, the right beam and the crossbeam are fixedly connected to form a U-shaped frame. The U-shaped all-steel group welding plate box structure according to the embodiment of the invention reduces the weight as much as possible and ensures the lightweight of the frame on the premise of ensuring the strength, and has the advantages of high space utilization, high stability, convenient disassembly and maintenance, and the like.
The utility model relates to a novel external windshield, wherein the overall outline of the external windshield is consistent with the outline of the car body, and comprises an end wall frame, a folding shed and an intermediate frame, wherein the middle frame is located in the middle of the outer windshield, and the end wall frame is fixedly connected to the car body. the folding shed is connected with the end wall frame and forms a whole with a closed peripheral wall, and the folding shed comprises a cloth clamping frame and a shed cloth. And is integrated with the shed cloth, and the outermost clamping frame is detachably connected to the end wall frame. The folding shed also includes a connecting clip, which holds the cloth clamping frame and is fixedly connected at the fracture of the cloth clamping frame; the bottom of the clamping cloth frame is provided with an inward depression. The utility model has low resistance, can be quickly connected or unassembled, the fracture of the clamping frame will not be broken, and the overall service life can be improved.
The invention discloses a vehicle sealing assembly, which comprises a main body with a longitudinal extension, and a sealing adhesive, which extends longitudinally along the main body and is arranged as a side edge adjacent to the main body. the sealing adhesive adheres the main body to the side wall of the vehicle. The sealing member extends longitudinally along the main body and is arranged adjacent to the other edge of the main body, the sealing member includes a holding part and a sealing part, and the holding part installs the sealing member on the main body. The sealing part is crimped with another structure of the vehicle to form a sealing structure. The invention also provides a vehicle sealing device formed by a plurality of such vehicle sealing assemblies. By using the vehicle sealing assembly and the device disclosed by the invention, a good sealing can be realized between the top cover of the car body and the car body.
The invention relates to a pearl layer structure rail damper. The rail damper is used for attaching to the rail waist on both sides of the rail to weaken the vibration noise during driving. The rail damper comprises an elastic adhesive layer (3), a metal bonding layer (4) and a pearl composite layer (5) from the inside to the outside. The pearl composite layer (5) comprises a mass block (51), an elastic block (52) and an elastic coating layer (53) outside the mass block (51) and the elastic block (52). The mass block (51) and the elastic block (52) are staggered along the rail height direction. Compared with the prior art, the invention has the advantages of realizing large-scale production, rapidly consuming noise energy and the like.
The invention discloses a safety protection structure of a high-speed railway and a construction method thereof, which relates to the technical field of railway construction, which comprises an inner rail and an outer rail arranged in parallel, and the inner rail and the outer rail are fixed on the track plate through a fixing part. the lower side of the track plate is provided with a number of foundation plates arranged radially along the bend, and the middle position below the foundation plate is provided with a convex ridge as the settlement fulcrum of the foundation plate. The convex ridge is arranged along the track extension direction and buried under the roadbed, and the foundation plate is located in the roadbed under one end of the inner rail, and the counterweight beam is pre-embedded in the roadbed, and the counterweight beam is connected to one end of the inner rail by a plurality of connecting beams. To solve the problem of excessive settlement on the outside of the railway bend, the settlement of the outer rail is limited by the structure on one side of the inner rail, which has the advantage of reducing the excessive settlement of the outer rail in the later stage.
The application provides a method and a system for judging the cause of emergency braking of a train. The method comprises the following steps: collecting a flow signal of a train pipe; collecting a working condition signal and an emergency braking signal; determining the cause of train emergency braking according to the flow signal, the working condition signal and the emergency braking signal. The method and system for judging the cause of train emergency braking in this application can determine the cause of train emergency brake in time, which is helpful to improve the efficiency of train fault handling, so as to ensure the safe and efficient operation of railway trains.
The invention provides a method and a device for controlling the automatic running of a locomotive. The method includes receiving the first control command sent by the automatic control device after the power on, the relay is in the running state and the self-test is normal. The first control command is used to indicate that the automatic control equipment needs to enter the automatic control state; according to the first control command, the first level bit information of the driver controller is collected. And send the first level bit information to the automatic vehicle control equipment; when the first level bit information is preset level information and determine that the conversion switch is in the running position, receive the second control command sent by the automatic vehicle control device, the second control command is used to instruct the automatic vehicle control equipment to control the driving information of the locomotive; according to the second control command, the second level bit information of the driver controller is generated and the corresponding relay enabling is controlled. The second level bit information is sent to the locomotive to enable the locomotive to drive according to the second level bit information. Automatic driving is realized on a locomotive with a driver controller with a mechanical structure.
The invention relates to a method for realizing wheel diameter calibration using satellite positioning, which comprises the following steps: step 1: select the calibration area and input it to the calibration area database Step 2: carry out the wheel diameter calibration. during the running of the train, the on-board host periodically collects the position of the satellite positioning and the rotation number of the wheel speed sensor. when the on-board host judges that the train has entered the calibration area, the first satellite positioning point is set as the calibration starting point, and the position Ls and rotation Ns of the train are recorded. At this time, the on-board host enters the calibration process until the on-board host judges that the train has left the calibration area. Set the first satellite positioning point after leaving the calibration area as the calibration end point, and record the position Le and rotation Ne of the train at this time. Step 3: calculate the wheel diameter calibration result and check it. Compared with the prior art, the invention has the advantages of high precision, easy realization, low cost, no need to limit speed and the like.
The utility model discloses a safety protection device for rail transit, which comprises a storage box fixedly connected with a bottom box, a control device connected with a safety door and a driving device connected with a support plate. The storage box is fixedly connected with the top surface of the bottom box body and is connected with the safety door card. The safety protection device is used for rail transit. Through the cooperation between the storage box permanently connected with the bottom box, the control device connected with the safety door and the driving device connected with the support plate, when the train stops, it will protrude the support plate from the platform and connect the platform with the train carriage. it is convenient for the elderly and people with poor legs to get on and off the train, which is more convenient and safer, and solves the problem that the existing rail transit vehicles such as trains, high-speed railways and subways stop at stations. There is a gap between the car and the platform, and passengers need to cross before they can get on the train.
The invention relates to a manual self-locking structure and a hood opening and closing mechanism installed with the self-locking structure. the self-locking structure comprises an unlocking rod assembly, a locking block and a mounting plate, which is fixed on the main body of the opening and closing mechanism. A locking groove is arranged on the opening and closing wing limit baffle of the opening and closing mechanism, and the unlocking rod assembly is rotationally installed on the mounting plate, and the locking block is movably connected with the unlocking rod assembly. When the unlocking rod assembly rotates, it cooperates with the locking block to form a mechanical dead point, and the unlocking rod assembly rotates in the positive and reverse direction to drive the locking block to bypass the mechanical dead point in a straight line before and after completion, so that the locking block is inserted into the locking groove to realize locking or leaving the locking groove to unlock. The invention has the advantages of simple overall structure and low cost, and the unlocking and locking function of the hood opening and closing mechanism can be realized by manually operating the rotation of the unlocking rod, and the reliability of the unlocking or locking function of the opening and closing mechanism can be effectively ensured through its own self-locking characteristic, thus improving the safety and stability of the rail vehicle operation process.
The invention provides a magnetic microsphere and a preparation method thereof. the magnetic microsphere comprises a polymer core, a brush polymer intermediate layer with magnetic material and a functional polymer outer layer, and the brush polymer is provided with functional groups. The magnetic microsphere provided by the invention is a magnetic microsphere with a sandwich type sandwich structure. the brush polymer in the middle layer of the magnetic microsphere provided by the invention is provided with a functional group, and the functional group is used as a binding site of metal oxide. it can effectively increase the deposition amount of magnetic materials and solve the problem of small content of magnetic materials in magnetic microspheres in the past. The preparation method provided by the invention is simple and easy.
The invention discloses a high strength chitosan filament and an interface photopolymerization preparation method and device thereof. The device comprises a spinning solution storage unit, a spinning unit and a spinning collection unit. The spinning solution storage unit comprises a first reaction phase storage box and a second reaction phase storage box. The spinning unit comprises a film forming hole plate, an aggregation hole, a twister, a transparent inclination tube and a UV lamp. Based on the device, the invention prepares maleylated chitosan, prepares aqueous solution with maleylated chitosan as aqueous phase solute and oil phase solution with acyl chloride compound as oil phase solute, and prepares polymer film by interfacial polymerization. High strength chitosan filament is prepared by drafting, twisting and photopolymerization of the polymer film. Through the above method, the invention can jointly apply interfacial polymerization and photopolymerization to chitosan spinning, and integrate spinning and twisting in one step, which not only effectively improves the strength of chitosan filament, but also has better uniformity and continuity.
The invention relates to a high-pressure twin-screw extruder and a degradable staple fiber production process applying the extruder, which relates to the technical field of chemical fiber preparation, comprising a frame, a pipe body and a driving part are arranged on the frame, and the pipe body includes a shrinking section and a straight section. the shrinking section is provided with a sealing plate, the shrinking section is provided with a feed port, the connection between the shrinking section and the flat section is provided with an exhaust port, and the opening of the straight section far from one end of the shrinking section is an extrusion outlet. The rotation of the shrinkage section is provided with two conical compression screws which are connected and meshed with the driving parts, the screw blades of the compression screws are attached to the inner wall of the shrinkage section, and there is a space for material transportation between the screw blades of the two compression screws. Through the setting of a conical compression screw, the space for material transportation becomes smaller and smaller, the pressure on the material becomes larger and larger, and the temperature of the material in the high pressure environment is higher, so that the reaction of the material is more sufficient, the plasticizing effect of the material is improved, and the melting quality of the material is improved.
The invention relates to a full extinction polyester low elastic filament and a preparation method thereof. the preparation method is as follows: the modified polyester POY yarn is obtained from the modified polyester melt system according to the POY process, and then the modified polyester DTY yarn is prepared from the modified polyester POY yarn according to the DTY process, which is the full extinction polyester low elastic yarn. Tetramethyl? 2, 5, 5? Heptanediol chain segment, fluorinated dicarboxylic acid chain segment and 2pyrum 2pyrrolium 3pyrrolium 4pyrrolium 5pyrrolidine? Hexamethyl? In the hexanediol chain segment, the modified polyester is dispersed with a matting agent, a solid heteropoly acid powder calcined at high temperature and a doped modified ZrO powder; the content of the matting agent is greater than or equal to 2.0wt%, and the full extinction polyester low elastic filament has high dye uptake, K / S value, color fastness and natural degradation efficiency. The method of the invention has the advantages of simple process, good dyeing performance and high natural degradation efficiency of the full dull polyester low elastic filament.
The solid solution CN and the cermet tool material made by the invention solve the problem that there are a large number of structural phases of CN in the cermet tool material, which affects the stability of the tool material. WC as W source, TiO as Ti source, TaO as Ta source, and carbon black powder as reductive carbonization in H and N atmosphere. The average particle size of the solid solution powder prepared by solid solution reaction is 2 μ m ~ 3 μ m. According to the formula, cermet tool materials were prepared by mixing Co with average particle size of 1 μ m, MoC with Ni,1?? 2 μ m, TiCN with 2 μ m and CN with solid solution of 2 μ m and 3 μ m respectively.
The invention provides nanofibers for filter media. The nanofiber of one embodiment of the invention comprises a fiber forming component containing polyacrylonitrile (PAN) and polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF), and an emulsifier for improving the miscibility of the fiber forming component. Accordingly, due to the excellent mechanical strength and chemical resistance of the above nanofibers, and without additional surface modification / treatment related to the nanofibers, the hydrophilicity is also significantly increased. Therefore, the included filter medium shows excellent physical properties in the water treatment process with high mechanical strength of the filter medium due to the application of pressure above the specified level, and in the water treatment process where the filtrate is strongly acidic or alkaline and requires chemical resistance, and can show improved flow rate and filtration efficiency at the same time. Moreover, because the silk-making property of nanofibers is very excellent, the mass productivity of filter media is significantly improved, and the production cost can be reduced.
The invention relates to a blend fiber of thermoplastic cellulose and aliphatic copolyester, which mainly solves the technical problem that the application field of thermoplastic cellulose is limited because of its high viscosity and poor fibrillarity in the low temperature processing process of thermoplastic cellulose. The invention adopts a blend composed of 20% to 80% mass thermoplastic cellulose and 80% to 20% mass aliphatic copolyester, which is prepared by a continuous melt extrusion blending method. the melt viscosity of the blend is at least about 30% lower than the theoretical value of the blending addition of the two starting materials at a low shear rate of 100s. The technical scheme, which is at least 30% lower than the theoretical value of blending addition of the two starting materials under the condition of high shear rate 1363s, solves this problem well and can be used in the industrial production of thermoplastic cellulose and aliphatic copolyester blend fiber.
The invention discloses an electronic grade glass fiber composition, glass fiber and electronic cloth thereof. The electronic grade fiberglass composition contains the following components, and the content of each component is expressed in weight percentage as follows: SiO is 54.2 percent 60% Magneto Alo is 11 percent, 17.5 percent BO is 0.7 percent 4.5% Cao is 18 percent, 23.8 percent, MGO is 5.5 percent, MGO is less than or equal to 24.8 percent, and the content of each component is less than 1 percent, TIO is 0.05 percent, 0.8 percent, Feo is 0.05 percent, Feo is 0.7 percent. F is 0.01%, and the ratio of weight percentage C1=SiO/ (RO+RO) is greater than or equal to 2.20, and the total content of the above components is greater than or equal to 98.5%. The electronic grade glass fiber composition has the characteristics of low cost and high corrosion resistance, which can not only improve the electrical properties of glass, especially the dielectric properties, but also improve the mechanical properties, water resistance and acid resistance of glass fiber. at the same time, it can significantly reduce the cost of raw materials, significantly reduce the volatilization of raw materials, reduce the erosion of refractories, and is suitable for large-scale tank kiln production.
The invention discloses a method for simultaneous sintering of both sides of DBC by using a sintering support in the technical field of DBC production, the specific steps are as follows: S1: pre-making the mold of the sintering support; S2: filling the mold; S3: statically placing the 20~30min after the mold filling is completed, and then demoulding; S4: discharging the mold under the condition of low temperature S5: the sintering bracket is sintered at high temperature. in the sintering production process of the invention, the sintering quality of the two sides is more uniform, the product is more uniform and stable in the sintering process, and the sintered ceramic pieces can be sintered on both sides at the same time in a quick way. through the sintering bracket to achieve simultaneous sintering of both sides of the ceramic piece, in the sintering production process, the copper sheet on the lower surface, the sintering support should play a supporting role. The sintered bracket should also play the role of supporting the ceramic tile.
The invention relates to a low diameter polyacrylonitrile based carbon fiber and a preparation method thereof. Using acrylonitrile containing itaconic acid and methyl methacrylate as ternary polymerization system, a spinning solution with polymer content of 12.5%-17.5% and viscosity of 120-800 Pool was obtained by adding organic diol cross-linking agent in the polymerization process. the addition of cross-linking agent improves the spinnability and high draft of the spinning solution with low polymer content and low viscosity, and then adopts the wet spinning process. With reasonable solidification conditions and spinning drawing process, low diameter polyacrylonitrile precursors with surface grooves were prepared. After pre-oxidation, low temperature carbonization and high temperature carbonization, low diameter and high strength polyacrylonitrile based carbon fibers with equivalent diameter of 2 ~ 3 μ m, tensile strength ≥ 3.5GPa, tensile modulus ≥ 230Gpa and regular surface grooves were obtained. The carbon fiber obtained by the invention can improve the flexibility of the carbon fiber paper for fuel cells.
The invention relates to a preparation method of swimsuit fabric, which first prepares elastic polyester fiber: in the process of preparing circular side-by-side composite fiber from modified PET (containing antibacterial agent) and PTT according to FDY process, the spinneret hole on the spinneret is changed from round to trefoil, the spinneret is cooled by ring blowing, and the arrangement of the trefoil spinneret hole on the spinneret is controlled to meet certain conditions, and then the elastic polyester fiber is obtained by relaxation heat treatment. Then, using it as raw material, the swimsuit fabric was prepared by antioxidant finishing (the antioxidant finishing solution was attached to the elastic polyester fiber by electrostatic spraying (distance is 15~50mm, voltage is 30: 100V) and microwave treatment (frequency is 80~150MHZ, time is 10~15min). The swimsuit fabric was prepared by → spinning → weaving → anti-ultraviolet finishing process; the elastic elongation γ of the swimsuit fabric is 133 / 138%, and the elastic recovery is 98 / 100%.
The invention discloses a multi-nanometer carbon wire composite carbon fiber. The multiple nano-carbon wire composite carbon fiber is a multiple nano-carbon wire composite spiral carbon fiber, its telescopic property conforms to Hooke's law, and the rigidity ratio is above 9.8Gpa. The composite carbon fiber has a winding diameter of 0.1 ~ 10 μ m and a pitch of 0.1 ~ 5.5 μ m, and the diameter of the carbon subfiber of the composite carbon fiber is 0.05 ~ 1.5 μ m. The composite carbon fiber is composed of multiple strands of carbon wires with a diameter of 50 μ m. The composite carbon fiber is wound regularly with constant diameter and pitch along the reel. By adopting the above technical proposal, compared with the prior art, the invention has the following advantages: the preparation process is simple and easy, and the multiple nano-carbon wire composite carbon fiber of the invention not only has a regular winding shape and a certain pitch size, but also has elasticity and rigidity, and is suitable for single use as a micromechanical element.
The invention provides a carbon nanometer onion lubricating phase Ti (Cpenn)-based self-lubricating composite and a preparation method thereof, belonging to the technical field of composite materials. The composite material includes, in terms of weight fraction, OLC 10 ≤ 20% dint tin 80% 90%, wherein, 0.4 ≤ x ≤ 0.9 or xylene 1.1% 1.3 in TiC. In this kind of self-lubricating composite, the non-stoichiometric TiNx powder prepared by mechanical alloying was mixed with OLC powder, and the OLC lubricating phase Ti (CMagne N)-based self-lubricating composite was prepared by hot pressing. The vacancy in TiNx can reduce the sintering temperature and promote the sintering. On this basis, the self-lubricating composite based on OLC lubricating phase Ti (OLC N) is formed by composite sintering with OLC, which overcomes the disadvantage of lubrication failure of traditional lubricating materials under extreme conditions, and improves its hardness and fracture toughness.
The invention relates to a microencapsulated composite cellulose nanofiber and a preparation method thereof. The microencapsulated composite cellulose nanofiber includes cellulose nanofibers and the microcapsules loaded on the cellulose nanofibers, and the mass fraction of the microcapsules in the microencapsulated composite cellulose nanofibers is 70% to 95%. The microcapsule includes a spice and a wall material wrapped in the spice, the wall material being a third polymer formed by heating and curing of the first polymer and the second polymer, and the molecular weight of the third polymer is 10000 to 60000. The structural formula of the first polymer is shown as the formula (Ⅱ), the structural formula of the second polymer as shown by the formula (Ⅲ), and the structural formula of the third polymer as shown by the Ⅳ. The cellulose nanofiber with high specific strength of the invention serves as the external support of the microcapsule and enhances the wear resistance, thereby improving the stability of the sustained release time and concentration of the microcapsule.
The invention relates to a preparation method of high elastic and easy adhesion polyurethane urea fiber. The method comprises the following steps: 1) preparing polyurethane urea raw solution Atter2 by using polymer polyol, diisocyanate and amine chain extender in organic solvent; 2) mixing low temperature softened polyurethane, tackifier and organic solvent to obtain polymer original solution B 3) the original solution B was added to the original solution A, the spinning solution was fully mixed and ripened, and then the polyurethane urea elastic fiber was obtained by dry spinning process. The spandex fiber prepared by the invention has good elastic recovery rate and excellent thermal adhesion. Therefore, the fabric woven by this fiber not only has excellent elasticity and tight feel, but also has the characteristics of anti-shedding, anti-drawing, not easy crimping and so on.
The invention relates to a fiber for medical fabric and a preparation method thereof. the preparation method is as follows: cationic polyester FDY wire is prepared from cationic polyester according to FDY process, that is, medical fabric fiber is obtained; nano-silver zeolite powder and SiO??AlO and / or SiO??MgO powder calcined at high temperature of 400 ℃ and 700 ℃ are dispersed in cationic polyester, and the molecular chain of cationic polyester includes terephthalic acid chain, ethylene glycol chain and sodium m-benzene sulfonate chain. The intrinsic viscosity of the prepared medical fabric fiber decreased by 1015% after 60 months at a temperature of 25 ℃ and a relative humidity of 65%. The preparation method of the invention has the advantages of simple process and low cost, and the prepared product has fast natural degradation rate and good application prospect.
The invention relates to a closed-loop control system attitude introduction correction method based on filter smoothing, belonging to the technical field of satellite attitude control. The task planning system design method based on maneuverability constraint proposed by the invention is a brand-new solution for multi-mode imaging task planning, such as realizing multi-point targets, uniform ground velocity active push sweep, uniform angular velocity scanning and so on. It well solves the difficulties in the realization of unified imaging mission instructions on board due to the mixing of active push-broom and passive push-broom imaging tasks and the complexity of active push-broom imaging tasks, and the problem of calculating the minimum maneuvering time of each imaging task under the constraint of attitude maneuverability.
The invention provides a method and a device for static pseudo range single point positioning. By calculating the altitude angle and azimuth angle of each satellite in each epoch, the satellite whose altitude angle is less than the preset value is deleted, and the weight matrix of each satellite in the center coordinate system E, N, U direction of the current calendar is determined according to the height angle and azimuth angle of the satellite processed by step S12. According to the weight matrix, the position of the receiver in the current epoch is estimated step by step by the least square estimation method, and the position of the calculated receiver in each epoch is averaged, and the static pseudo-range single point positioning result of the receiver is obtained. through multi-epoch solution and averaging, the influence of pseudo-range error on single point positioning is effectively weakened, thus the positioning accuracy is improved and there is no need to cooperate with fixed base stations.
The embodiment of the invention provides a satellite signal receiving and processing system and a processing method, wherein the system comprises a filter, a first low-noise amplifier, a mixer, a second low-noise amplifier, a digital-to-analog converter, and a visual signal processing module. the visual signal processing module includes a filtering sub-module, a signal synchronization sub-module, a baseband processing sub-module, a data analysis sub-module and a display sub-module. The satellite signal receiving and processing system and the processing method of the embodiment of the invention can keep the receiving and processing process of the satellite signal synchronized, thereby meeting the real-time analysis needs of the testers for the satellite signal, and, because the processing results can be directly displayed in a visual way, the testers can directly view the satellite signal processing results at the first time, thereby improving the user experience.
The invention discloses a vehicle navigation control method. The vehicle navigation control method comprises the following steps: when the vehicle is started in a preset time period, the corresponding historical driving track in the preset time period is obtained; it is determined whether the minimum value of the position distance of the historical driving track when the vehicle starts is greater than the first preset value. When the minimum value of the position distance from the historical driving track when the vehicle starts is greater than the first preset value, the navigation is started, and the end point of the historical track is set as the destination address of the current navigation. The invention also discloses a vehicle navigation control device. The invention improves the flexibility of navigation control.
The invention provides a method and a system for monitoring the autonomous integrity of a spaceborne navigation receiver, which is applied to a spaceborne navigation receiver, which includes: obtaining the navigation information of the target satellite; calculating the instantaneous orbit elements of the current epoch of the target satellite based on the navigation information; obtaining the instantaneous orbit elements of multiple historical epochs of the target satellite Based on the instantaneous orbital elements of several historical epochs, the time curve of the target satellite is obtained by fitting the curve of the orbital elements of the target satellite, and the autonomous integrity monitoring is carried out based on the instantaneous orbital elements of the current epoch and the target time curve. get the monitoring results. The invention alleviates the technical problem existing in the prior art that it can not effectively find faults and solve anomalies when the signals of less than five visible navigation satellites are received.
The invention discloses an AUV path planning method under the ocean current environment based on a population super-heuristic algorithm, belonging to the field of underwater vehicles. First initialize the population, then get the initial comprehensive generational value of all individuals in the whole population according to the cost function, then set the basic operation set of the population and the corresponding operation selection probability vector, select an individual in the population, and select the population basic operation corresponding to the maximum probability in the operation selection probability vector, operate on the individual, repeat the basic operation of the population until traversing the whole population, and complete an iteration. Then adjust the operation selection probability vector, carry on the next iteration until the number of iterations reaches the set value; finally, after the completion of the iteration, select the individual with the lowest generation value, combine the starting point, end point and fixed control points of the B-spline curve to form a set of control points, and then generate the optimal path. The invention solves the problems that the path planned by the existing AUV path planning method is not smooth and is difficult to track and track high energy consumption.
The invention provides a Beidou positioning device based on network transmission, which comprises a main chip, a Beidou module and a network module. The Beidou module and the network module are respectively connected with the main chip. The Beidou module comprises a Beidou antenna and a Beidou positioning chip. The network module includes an Ethernet controller and a network transformer, and the main chip is respectively connected with a crystal oscillator module, a reset circuit, a power supply, a memory, an indicator light and a configuration debugging serial port. At the same time, it supports Ethernet port and serial port to send and receive data and configure functions, with various interfaces, flexible use and rich functions; using UDP protocol to transmit, including link detection messages and positioning data messages, the communication protocol is lightweight, data transmission is simple and effective; support browser web pages to log in and visit devices, modify network parameters, and user experience is good; power failure data is not lost and easy to use. Support DC wide voltage input, convenient power supply; have working indicator light, prompt intuitive.
The invention discloses a cycle slip detection and repair method of GNSS three-frequency combination without blind spots. Firstly, a three-frequency non-geometric phase combination and a three-frequency STPIR combination are constructed; the common blind spot model is constructed by using the two combinations, and then the coefficient constraint condition of the three-frequency pseudo-range phase combination is obtained; based on this condition, the three-frequency pseudo-range phase combination which can detect the first two combination blind spots is constructed. The three-frequency non-geometric phase combination, the three-frequency STPIR combination and the specially constructed three-frequency pseudo-range phase combination are combined to realize the non-blind spot detection and repair of the cycle slip of each frequency point. The invention is a cycle slip detection and repair method suitable for multi-system. Compared with other commonly used three-frequency combination detection methods, it has a good effect of non-blind spot detection and repair, and is more suitable for practical application.
The invention provides a method for calculating the uplink data of multi-point and multi-parameter orbit of a low-orbit spacecraft, wherein the ground measurement and control station receives the remote measurement and control data of the spacecraft and sends it to the ground measurement and control center through the data network. after the ground measurement and control center completes the data processing, the precision orbit determination is carried out to generate an one-minute trajectory file. The trajectory file is converted into instantaneous orbit elements in J2000 coordinate system, and each point trajectory record corresponds to a group of instantaneous orbit elements; the instantaneous orbit elements in J2000 coordinate system are converted into quasi-average orbit elements and processed, and the latitude amplitude is obtained; the latitude amplitude is used to replace the flat perigee angle to convert the orbit inclination angle, ascending point right longitude, perigee angle and latitude amplitude into radians. The latitude amplitude is normalized, the difference fitting method is used to calculate the Q parameters and their variability, and finally the parameter variability of the spacecraft orbit uplink data is obtained. The invention simultaneously meets the requirements of fast calculation and high precision of the spacecraft, and has high practical value.
The invention provides a propellant filling system Include extruded helium output container (1), pressurized end cut-off valve (2) of filling container, stop valve (3) of filling container outlet, extrusion pressure sensor (4) of filling container, filling container (5), filling pipeline into product end cut-off valve (9), product end propellant filling valve (10), product tank pressure sensor (11), product tank (12), product end test trial valve (13), Upstream valve of product tank (14) It also includes a pneumatic diaphragm pump (6), a pneumatic diaphragm pump driven gas valve (7), and a pneumatic diaphragm pump driven gas output container (8). The invention adopts a pneumatic diaphragm pump (6), which can inject the propellant into the tank when the pressure of the propellant filling container is lower than the tank pressure of the propulsion system, avoid the precipitation and accumulation of the dissolved helium in the propellant, and will not affect the reliability of the tank.
The invention relates to a carrier rocket fault detection device based on audio frequency and a detection method thereof. the sound sensor array receives the sound signal of the rocket product to be tested and collects and processes the sound signal; after wavelet transform and Fourier transform, the characteristic value is extracted. Comparing the eigenvalues with the eigenvalues of normal operation in the sound library, if any eigenvalue exceeds the limited threshold, it is judged that there is a fault in the product to be tested on the rocket; the eigenvalues are matched with the sound characteristics under the corresponding typical fault in the sound library, and if it is within the envelope range of the sound characteristics of a typical fault, the fault type is judged to be the typical fault. The invention carries out fault detection through the sound signal, realizes the non-contact test of the rocket, reduces the test circuit inside the rocket, avoids the problems caused by the fault of the test circuit on the arrow, and reduces the weight of the rocket.
A spatial folding mechanism with a five-bar linkage as a developable unit comprises an octagonal support, a three-degree-of-freedom hinge, a pin shaft, a bevel bar, an L-shaped rod, a short bar and a straight-side rod. The octagonal support is fixedly connected with a three-degree-of-freedom hinge. The oblique-edge rod is connected with a three-degree-of-freedom hinge through a rotating pair, and the oblique side rod, L-shaped bar, short bar and straight side rod are connected by a pin shaft. The straight side rod is connected with another three-degree-of-freedom hinge through a rotating pair. The rod of the invention is composed of two pairs of rods, and the motion pairs are rotating pairs, so the structure is simple and can be driven by a motor, and the motor drive can control the unfolding speed, and each developable unit has good stability and high synchronization. The invention has the advantages of low mass, large folding ratio, high positioning accuracy, high structural strength, high stability, high reliability, simple structure and low manufacturing cost, and the spatial folding process is simple.
The utility model relates to the technical field of a GNSS receiver, in particular to an alarm device for dangerous conditions around instruments and equipment, which comprises a GNSS receiver mounting seat, a GNSS receiver mounting seat is provided with a GNSS receiver installation cavity, a GNSS receiver installation cavity is provided with a GNSS receiver, a main control module, a battery pack, a temperature sensor for detecting the temperature of the GNSS receiver installation cavity and a buzzer The periphery of the GNSS receiver installation cavity is provided with a water delivery cavity, the GNSS receiver installation seat is located at the periphery of the water delivery cavity, and a heat dissipation mechanism is arranged in the heat dissipation mechanism installation cavity. The utility model not only has a relatively stable heat dissipation mechanism, but also enables relevant personnel to check the alarm device of the dangerous condition around the instrument and equipment in time.
The invention discloses a non-singular rolling instruction generation algorithm for a BTT missile, which comprises the following steps: step 1: calculating the overload instruction and the lateral overload instruction respectively; step 2: designing a dead zone near the zero value for the normal overload instruction; step 3: designing a hysteresis area near the zero value for the lateral overload instruction; step 4: calculating the roll angle instruction according to the normal and lateral overload instructions obtained in step 2 and step 3. The algorithm designs the dead zone structure for the normal overload instruction and the hysteresis area for the lateral overload instruction, and uses the processed overload instruction to calculate the roll instruction, so as to avoid the symbol mutation caused by the aerodynamic interference of the roll angle instruction. lead to control disorder.
A method and device for realizing Kalman filter positioning are published in this paper. it includes: according to the predicted value of the state vector of the previous epoch and the error covariance matrix of the previous epoch, the error covariance matrix of the optimal estimated value of the current epoch time state vector and the optimal estimated value of the current epoch time state vector are calculated. For each element in the optimal estimate of the current epoch state vector, the average value between the optimal estimate of the previous epoch and the optimal estimate of the current epoch, and the difference between the optimal estimate of the previous epoch and the optimal estimate of the previous epoch are calculated. It is determined that the calculated difference corresponding to one or more elements is less than or equal to the preset threshold, and the optimal estimated value of the current epoch is deleted one or more elements. the error covariance matrix of the optimal estimate of the current epoch is deleted, and then the step of calculating the predicted value of the state vector of the next epoch and calculating the error covariance matrix of the next epoch is continued.
A thin film flexible antenna has specific applications for adhesion to vehicle glass, wherein the antenna has broadband antenna geometry and is operable to receive right-hand or left-hand circularly polarized signals from, for example, GPS and SDARS satellites. The antenna is a printed planar antenna formed on a substrate and includes a grounding plane in which a slot is formed and a tuning sleeve having a vertical part and a horizontal part. The planar antenna also includes a radiation element positioned close to the tuning sleeve and including a feed portion positioned in the slot, wherein the radiation element includes a first horizontal portion and a second horizontal portion extending from a vertical portion toward a vertical portion of the sleeve. The grounding plane can be operated to generate a circular polarization signal to be received by the radiation element, wherein the sleeve provides phase tuning of the signal.
The application provides a method for navigation and positioning of a receiver, which includes: receiving basic broadcast messages of a plurality of satellites and correcting parameters, and establishing pseudo-range observation equation and phase observation equation corresponding to each satellite respectively; using the received correction parameters to modify the pseudo-range observation equation and the phase observation equation, and obtaining the modified pseudo-range observation equation and phase observation equation The observation one is constructed according to the modified pseudo-range observation equation and the modified phase observation equation, and the observation two is constructed according to the modified pseudo-range observation equation and the phase observation equation. and through the joint solution of the observation one and the observation two of a plurality of satellites, the operation result of user positioning is obtained, wherein the correction parameters are selected from the following combination: partition comprehensive correction number x And a combination of at least one of the zoning comprehensive correction number x and the orbit correction number x, the clock error correction number x and the ionospheric correction number x.
The invention discloses a method for simulating transient flow in unsaturated zone. The test device and method for the mechanism of steady flow transformation include an open glass bottle for simulating soil and a water supply device arranged above it, the bottom of the water supply device is provided with an outlet pipe facing the top of the glass bottle, and the outlet pipe is provided with a velocity control valve; the bottom of the glass bottle is provided with a glass bottle outlet, and the glass bottle outlet is provided with a rubber plug. The bottom of the water supply device is also provided with a drain pipe and a water intake pipe. The top of the drain pipe extends into the chamber of the water supply device, and the inlet pipe is connected between the sluice and the water supply device. The flow of water in unsaturated soil is generalized as an one-dimensional flow model of water flow in a vertically arranged perforated container under the action of gravity, and the hydraulic calculation and derivation are carried out by using the principle of water balance and Bernoulli equation. the relationship between velocity and water level of any container element at any time is obtained, and the model is verified by experiments, and the results are consistent with the theoretical assumption and the seepage law of unsaturated soil.
The invention discloses a method and a system for exploration and prediction of mineral resources covering areas and deep deposits. The exploration prediction method establishes a Bayesian mixed assimilation model for geological data, generates various surface state data with time consistency, spatial consistency and physical consistency, and then uses the Bayesian inference method to find out geological anomalies. Then, on the basis of geological anomaly inference, circle targets are carried out for mineral resources covering areas, hidden deposits and deep minerals. According to the results of the circle target, the mineral resources cover area, hidden deposit and deep deposit are predicted. The method or system of the invention can effectively evaluate and verify the mineral resources coverage area and deep ore deposits.
The utility model discloses a fast sampling device for food detection, which comprises a tube body, an inner tube is movably installed in the tube body, a connecting rod is arranged at the top of the inner tube, a push plate is installed at the top of the connecting rod, and a limit slide rail is arranged at the bottom of the inner tube. The lower part of the inner tube is provided with a holding groove, which is installed at the bottom of the inner wall of the tube body, and a first slider and a second slider are movably installed between the inner tube and the receiving groove. A first spring is arranged between the first slider and the second slider, and a cutting blade is installed on the outer wall hinge of the receiving slot, so as to solve the problems of sampling by manual cutting, which leads to uneven samples, is not conducive to detection, and is inconvenient to carry after sampling.
The invention discloses a linear drive force performance testing device for eccentricity or deflection armature, which comprises a base, wherein a first support block and a second support block are respectively arranged on both sides of the base, and a fixed frame is arranged on the first support block. the fixed frame is provided with an eccentric deflection mechanism for adjusting the armature. The second supporting block is provided with a clamping member, a transversely arranged displacement sensor is arranged on the clamping piece, and a first joint is arranged on the displacement sensor; a slider located between the first supporting block and the second supporting block is also arranged on the base; a moving platform is arranged above the slider, and one side of the mobile platform is in contact with the first joint of the displacement sensor. A force sensor is arranged on the other side of the mobile platform, and a second connector is arranged on the force sensor. The invention can detect the force performance of the linear driver when the armature is eccentric or deflected, and has the characteristics of stable use and high accuracy.
The invention relates to a method for measuring the surface wave height of a corrugated fire retardant disk. In this method, firstly, the camera corrects and determines the relationship between the pixel distance and the actual physical distance in the camera calibration module; secondly, the image acquisition module uses a threshold adaptive feature point matching image stitching method to realize the stitching of each linear array image. Then the image of the stitched fire retardant disc is processed in the image preprocessing module to obtain the corrugated triangle outline, and then the preprocessed corrugated triangle is positioned in the image alignment module, and the edge pixel information is accurately obtained in the edge detection module by using the sub-pixel edge detection method based on Zernike moment. Finally, according to the definition of wave height and measurement principle, the actual size of the fire retardant disc wave height is calculated in the size measurement module. By using the visual method to measure the wave height of the fire-proof disk, the measuring efficiency and accuracy can be greatly improved, and a lot of manpower cost can be saved.
The invention relates to a freight car bearing damage detection method, which belongs to the technical field of freight train detection. The purpose of the invention is to solve the problems of time-consuming and low efficiency in manual-based freight car bearing damage detection, and low accuracy in image-based freight car bearing damage detection. The invention collects the image and extracts the corresponding image of the truck bearing region as the image of the truck bearing region to be identified; inputs the image of the truck bearing region to be identified into the trained Mask??RCNN network to speculate, and obtains the prediction results of each image, including the categories of multiple ROI, frame coordinates, segmentation coordinates and confidence scores Combined with the prior information of fault location and the confidence score of bearing auxiliary category information, the damage detection of freight car bearing is further realized. Mainly used for truck bearing damage detection.
The invention discloses a vehicle brake fault diagnosis device, which is used for diagnosing the type of vehicle brake fault, which is characterized in that the brake fault diagnosis device comprises a brake detection unit for detecting the stroke of the brake pedal of the vehicle, and a potential detection unit for detecting the potential of the brake switch main road and the brake switch auxiliary road of the vehicle. The control unit is connected with the brake detection unit and the potential detection unit, which is used for determining the type of vehicle braking fault when a vehicle braking fault occurs according to the stroke of the brake pedal detected by the braking detection unit and the potential of the brake switch main road and the brake switch auxiliary road detected by the potential detection unit. The invention also discloses a vehicle braking fault diagnosis method. Through the stroke of the vehicle brake pedal and the potential of the brake switch main road and the brake switch auxiliary road, the invention determines whether the brake switch fault type is brake switch stagnation or brake circuit fault, and send out a timely reminder.
The invention relates to a fast method for extracting the influence line of the displacement of a vehicle slowly passing through the middle span of a simply supported beam bridge, belonging to the technical field of bridge detection method. The purpose of the invention is to solve the problem that the mechanical concept is not clear and it is difficult to obtain the measured value of the influence line in the existing quasi-static load test, effectively separate the mid-span displacement curve measured in the field, and compare it with the theoretical influence line. the rapid evaluation of the technical state of the bridge can be realized by this method. It can effectively solve the technical problem that the theoretical value is not easy to be obtained in the process of quasi-static load test, so that it can not be compared with the measured value. The invention defines a rapid evaluation method of the bridge state based on the displacement influence line, and the mechanical concept is clear; through this method, the displacement curve under the action of a plurality of axles can be quickly transformed into a structural influence line, which can be directly compared with the theoretical value. increase its maneuverability, and then realize the rapid and accurate evaluation of the bridge state.
The invention discloses a three-dimensional particle image velocity measurement method suitable for gas-liquid interface. The three-dimensional particle image velocity measurement method of the invention is suitable for the gas-liquid interface. firstly, the tracer particle images on both sides of the gas-liquid interface are captured by a high-speed camera, then the positions of the gas-liquid interface in the gas side particle diagram and the liquid side particle diagram are identified respectively, then the gas-liquid side particle diagram is preprocessed, and the velocity fields on both sides of the gas-liquid interface are calculated respectively. Finally, the phase-locked average value of the velocity field and the corresponding pulsation are calculated based on the interface phase. the flow on both sides of the gas-liquid interface can be measured by three-dimensional particle image velocimetry through simple equipment, and the measurement result is accurate.
The invention relates to an inlet performance test method and a test system applied to an engine. By obtaining the actual engine intake valve lift curve, the second intake valve lift corresponding to the interpolation point of the crankshaft angle is obtained according to the engine intake valve lift curve, and then the second flow coefficient and the second tumble ratio corresponding to each interpolation point are obtained according to the interpolation algorithm, and the average flow coefficient and average tumble ratio are obtained respectively. Whether the inlet performance of the engine meets the requirements is determined according to the first comparison result and the second comparison result. The second intake valve lift corresponding to the interpolation point is obtained according to the engine intake valve lift curve, which can more truly reflect the intake valve lift of the actual operation process of the engine. Then the second flow coefficient and the second tumble ratio are obtained by interpolation algorithm. By comparing the results to determine whether the performance of the engine inlet meets the requirements, and then evaluate the matching between the inlet and the combustion chamber.
The application provides a method, a device and a medium for determining the completion mode of a fractured carbonate reservoir. The method includes: obtaining the fracture parameters corresponding to the fractured carbonate reservoir where the wellbore is located; according to the fracture parameters, obtaining the fracture distribution index corresponding to the fractured carbonate reservoir where the microwell section in the wellbore is located. According to the fracture distribution index, the fracture distribution characteristic parameters of the fractured carbonate reservoir are determined; according to the fracture distribution characteristic parameters, the production type of the fractured carbonate reservoir is determined; according to the production type of the fractured carbonate reservoir, the completion mode is determined. This application can solve the problem that the completion method of fractured carbonate reservoir is not pertinent.
The invention provides a method for calculating the uplift pressure of a debris flow dam foundation, which comprises the following steps: step 1, determining the debris flow density; step 2, determining the percentage of fine particle content; step 3, determining the fine particle concentration of debris flow slurry according to the debris flow density and the percentage of fine particle content; step 4, calculating the uplift pressure reduction coefficient according to the fine particle concentration of debris flow slurry Step 5, calculate the resultant force of lifting pressure. The invention provides a method for calculating the peak uplift pressure reduction coefficient according to the debris flow property index parameter-slurry fine particle concentration, and fully considers the influence mechanism of the debris flow density and fine particle content in front of the dam on the peak uplift pressure. Compared with the traditional method of selecting uplift pressure reduction coefficient by artificial subjective experience, this method has more scientific calculation principle, simple calculation form, easy to obtain parameters, and has higher engineering practical value.
The utility model discloses a slope protection system for a water conservancy project, which is characterized in that: the vertical grouting holes are arranged on the slope; the grouting pipe and the grouting pipe are arranged in the vertical grouting hole, and the outer end of the grouting pipe protrudes the vertical grouting hole; the center brick is arranged on the slope, and the back is provided with a groove corresponding to the outer end of the grouting pipe, and the grouting pipe is inserted into the groove and fixed with the center brick. The green planting brick is arranged between the adjacent center bricks, and the green planting brick and the center brick buckle are fixed to form a whole, and the green planting brick is provided with an opening for placing the green plant. The central brick and the green planting brick of the utility model improve the slope strength, and the green plants are planted at the entrance of the green planting brick to improve the aesthetics and landscape of the slope protection; the grouting pipe is injected into the vertical grouting hole through the grouting pipe to form a strengthening column; the central brick seals the grouting pipe, and the strengthening column in the slope and the brick body on the slope surface are fixed to form a whole frame structure to strengthen the slope protection.
The embodiment of the application relates to the technical field of geotechnical engineering, in particular to a test fixture for measuring the free expansion rate of rock. The test fixture includes at least four rigid contact strips uniformly distributed along the circumference, an arc plate structure, and a deformation measuring contact point is arranged on the peripheral surface, and at least two elastic connecting lines are arranged on the outer periphery of at least four rigid contact strips. The above test fixture has the advantages of stable deformation, strong representativeness and adaptability to samples of different diameters.
The invention belongs to the field of commercial vehicle performance testing, in particular to a hanging commercial vehicle comprehensive visual field testing device. The device absorbs the strong sucker to the window glass fixing device, adjusts the suspension rod and the universal adjustment structure to determine that the position of the laser emitter coincides with the driver's eye point position. The laser illuminator scans evenly along the edge of the visible area and the edge of the view mirror in front of the cab, and forms a trajectory curve according to the irradiation order of the measured ground light spot. Each curve combination divides the area around the vehicle into a visual area and a visual field blind area according to the type of visual field, and the comprehensive visual field performance map of the vehicle is obtained after correction. The invention is extremely convenient to install and disassemble, has extremely high vehicle type matching degree, and is suitable for the visual field measurement of all kinds of commercial vehicles; the comprehensive visual field measurement function of the commercial vehicle is realized, in addition to the front visual field, the visual range measurement of indirect visual field devices such as front-view mirror, main rearview mirror, wide-angle exterior-view mirror and blind mirror is added.
The invention discloses a reliability and durability testing device for an automobile electric tail door system, which is provided with a test controller device, a simulation kick device and a kick sensor; the test device is provided with a linear cylinder at the main driving place. the protruding end of the linear cylinder cooperates with the switch button of the tail door. The invention also discloses a testing method of the testing device. Under the guidance of the design idea of generalization and platform, the above technical scheme is adopted to reduce the test cost and improve the applicability of the system, and to make the reliability and durability of the automobile electric tail door system meet the relevant national standards. prevent the failure of the automobile electric tail door system; the testing device has the advantages of simple structure, low cost, strong versatility and easy maintenance, and its testing method is easy to operate and reliable. The test cycle, frequency and times of the test device can be adjusted according to the actual requirements, and the mechanism can be moved flexibly to facilitate the application under different conditions and different occasions.
The invention discloses a method for identifying the sound attenuation characteristics of the car floor to the rear axle howling air radiation, which comprises the following steps: the vehicle to be tested is parked in an anechoic chamber; a microphone is arranged at the driver's outer ear position, the co-driver's outer ear position, the rear left passenger outer ear position and the rear right passenger outer ear position respectively; a number of microphones are arranged in the automobile field board channel Volume sound sources are arranged at different positions of the automobile transmission shaft axis to simulate the howling of the rear bridge; the sound response of each microphone is collected by the data acquisition equipment; according to the data collected by the data acquisition equipment, the sound attenuation characteristic curve is calculated. The invention focuses on reflecting the sound absorption and insulation characteristics of the car body floor, can accurately obtain the sound attenuation characteristic curve of the car body floor, and has strong practical significance for the main engine factory to improve the vehicle NVH.
The invention provides a dynamic mechanical performance testing system of a tire, comprising a test bench, a bracket and an auxiliary power device installed above the test bench; both sides of the tire are installed on the bracket through a connecting shaft, and the connecting shaft is rotationally connected with the bracket through the bearing; the auxiliary power device is used for driving the tire rotation; the test bench is also provided with a drop hammer, which is used to provide a downward impact load to the tire. The upper surface of the test bench is provided with a pressure sensor, the pressure sensor is arranged under the tire, and the pressure sensor is used for measuring the force value of the tire under the impact load. The dynamic mechanical performance testing system of the tire of the invention can effectively realize the dynamic mechanical performance test of the tire and test the change of the force and displacement of the impact load and the pressure in the tire at a certain speed.
The invention belongs to the technical field of durability testing of automobile fixed parts, and discloses a method for monitoring the testing process of automobile parts, testing whether the base is smooth; if so, testing whether the test platform is smooth; if yes, measuring the vertical distance H1 of the test platform relative to the base; adjusting the vertical distance H2 of the camera and the ground according to the vertical distance H1, so that the H1 is equal to the H2 The parts are fixed on the test platform, and the testing process of the parts is monitored through the camera. The method for monitoring the testing process of automobile parts provided by the invention can efficiently simulate the road condition, simulate the working environment of automobile fixed parts more reliably, and improve the test reliability. The invention solves the technical problem of lack of monitoring method in the prior art.
The invention relates to a fluorite ore identification method based on remote sensing technology, which comprises the following steps: S1, obtaining WorldView??2 high resolution image and Landsat8 remote sensing image of the area to be identified; S2, performing image processing on the WorldView??2 high score image to interpret the distribution area of alkali feldspar granite veins and faults; S3, carrying out principal component transformation on the Landsat8 remote sensing image to extract carbonate ion anomalies S4. Collect F geochemical anomalies in the area to be identified through geological data, superimpose the interpreted alkali feldspar granite veins, faults, carbonate ion anomalies and F geochemical anomalies, and comprehensively delineate the prospecting target area according to geological factors. the geological factors include the nature of the fault and the distribution of marble in the stratum; S5, the location information of the fluorite deposit is determined according to the target area. In this way, the location information of fluorite ore can be determined efficiently, quickly and accurately in a short time.
The invention provides a soil measurement method, which relates to the technical field of soil parameter measurement, including preparing the soil sample for the test, filling the soil sample into the bucket to form the soil, so that the porosity of the soil in the bucket is similar to the original soil, simulating rainfall on the soil in the bucket, measuring the soil parameters under different rainfall conditions, so as to simulate the influence of different rainfall intensity on the soil parameters. By filling the prepared soil samples into the barrel according to a certain method, the soil body with similar physical and chemical properties to the undisturbed soil is formed, different rainfall intensities are simulated, and the soil parameters are measured in real time at the same time. It alleviates the technical problems of high cost and inaccurate measurement results of soil parameters under different rainfall intensity. It realizes the convenient measurement of soil parameters under different rainfall intensity and the technical effect of high accuracy of measurement results.
The invention discloses a shock absorber testing device, comprising a body, wherein a first transmission cavity is arranged in the body, and the lifting assembly includes a first motor fixedly installed with the end wall of the bottom of the first transmission cavity. The end of the first motor is powerfully connected with a first spline shaft extending up and down, and the first spline shaft spline is matched with a first spline sleeve. The lower end of the first spline sleeve is fixedly connected with a first bevel gear located in the first transmission cavity. When the device is working, the shock absorber can be clamped and positioned by the clamping assembly, and the detectors of different specifications can be clamped. The shock absorber can be fixed with the arc plate by the lifting assembly, and the switch between the lifting assembly and the inspection assembly can be controlled by the adjusting assembly. The shock absorber can be inspected by the inspection component, and the inspection efficiency is improved.
The utility model discloses a spiral sand washing machine with a filtering device, belonging to the technical field of sand washing machine, and solves the problem that the spiral sand washing machine in the prior art needs to use too much water in the working process, which leads to the reduction of sand and gravel production. the utility model comprises a frame on which a box body is installed, a spiral spindle is installed in the box body, and a spiral blade is connected on the spiral spindle. A plurality of water filtering screens are uniformly arranged around the spiral main shaft on the spiral blade, and a pressure plate is connected on the outside of the water filtering screen, and the filter screen and the pressure plate are fixedly connected by pressing bolts, and a plurality of water filtering holes are arranged on the spiral blade. The sand washing machine of the utility model facilitates mud water leakage, increases sand washing output, reduces water content, and saves water resources.
The invention discloses a multi-function kiln and a use method thereof. the multi-function kiln comprises a kiln room and a material roasting device, and the material roasting device is detachably connected with the kiln room; the kiln room includes a kiln side wall. Two opposite openings are arranged on the kiln side wall, and the opening runs through the kiln side wall; the kiln side wall is also provided with a sealing door for opening and closing the opening. The multi-function kiln provided by the invention realizes a variety of functions by setting a sealing door and a detachable material roasting device, which can not only be used as an intermittent kiln, but also become a continuous kiln, and when the multi-function kiln is converted between two different operation modes, the operation is simple, convenient and practical, which not only reduces the cost of the enterprise, but also improves the utilization rate of the equipment.
The invention relates to a method for using an integrated device for energy replenishment and pump-free production of oil and gas wells. The technical scheme is that the upper inner cavity of the central pipe is provided with a downflow retaining ring, a fixed self-sealing ring is arranged above the downflow retaining ring, a pressure supporting ring is sheathed on the outer wall of the bottom of the central pipe, and the upper side of the pressure supporting ring is provided with a water expansion rubber cylinder. A water permeable control ring is arranged on the top of the water expansion rubber tube, and the outer wall of the permeable control ring is connected with a sealing steel sleeve, and a water control cavity is formed between the sealing steel sleeve and the central pipe. The water control cavity is sequentially provided with a permeable control ring, an energy replenishment device and an one-way valve from the bottom up, and the energy replenishment device (9) is provided with calcium carbide. The beneficial effect of the invention is that by combining the stratum energy supplement device and the pump-free mining device into one structure, the production accident caused by improper induced spraying can be eliminated, and various hazards to personnel or equipment can be avoided. it also reduces the pollution to the surrounding environment, greatly saves the mining cost and improves the economic benefit.
The invention discloses a post-pouring belt base surface treatment agent. The post-pouring belt base surface treatment agent comprises the following raw materials: Portland cement: 600,650 parts, quartz sand: 280parts, active masterbatch: 30parts, dispersible latex powder: 6parts, hydroxypropyl methyl cellulose: 1parts, water reducer: 2parts. The invention also discloses a construction method of the base surface treatment agent for the post-pouring belt. The post-pouring belt base surface treatment agent of the invention can form a dense impervious zone cement crystal layer, which is dense and hard, has high strength, can defend against certain elastic deformation, and forms a self-repairing and reliable permanent waterproof and impervious layer. The construction method of the invention is simple, easy to operate, can survive at one time, reduce the harm caused by leakage, improve the safety degree of the concrete structure, ensure the structural integrity, prolong the service life of the project, and save the project maintenance cost. and save the steel plate water stop on both sides and save energy.
The utility model provides a circulating fluidized bed boiler. The circulating fluidized bed boiler comprises a furnace, a separation device and a tail flue connected sequentially, and the separation device is circularly connected with the furnace through a return pipe. A preheating device is arranged in the tail flue, the preheating device is connected with the furnace, the primary air is preheated by the preheating device and then sent into the furnace, an air outlet is arranged on the rear flue tube, and the air outlet is connected to the return pipe through the conveying fan. The circulating fluidized bed boiler provided by the utility model can realize 800,850 ℃ low temperature combustion in the furnace, which is conducive to realizing ultra-low emission of the boiler.
The invention provides an air-cooled refrigerator. The air-cooled refrigerator comprises an inner tank which is defined with a storage chamber, and an evaporator cavity is formed on the outside of the back of the inner tank, and an evaporator is arranged in the evaporator chamber to provide cooling capacity to the storage chamber. And the storage room is separated by a thermal insulation shell into an independent variable greenhouse, which is internally provided with a heater for controlled adjustment of the temperature in the variable greenhouse, which is close to the evaporator cavity and is connected through the controlled opening and closing of the first air duct. The air-cooled refrigerator of the invention can defrost the surface of the evaporator by using the waste heat after heating food in the variable greenhouse, effectively avoid the decrease of refrigeration efficiency caused by frosting on the surface of the evaporator, save the cost and reduce the energy consumption of the air-cooled refrigerator. it also avoids the influence of the temperature change after heating food in the variable greenhouse on the temperature of the refrigerator.
The utility model relates to an incinerator for waste heat recovery of pharmaceutical solid waste, which comprises a furnace body, which is provided with a feed port, a heat exchange chamber, a combustion chamber, a waste slag secondary sorting chamber and a waste slag recovery room from top to bottom. The side wall of the heat exchange chamber is provided with a heat exchange sleeve, and the heat exchange sleeve is provided with a hot water inlet and a hot water exchange outlet; a combustion chamber is arranged under the heat exchange chamber, and a burner port is arranged on the side wall of the combustion chamber. A tangential air inlet is arranged on the side wall of the waste slag secondary separation chamber, a second slag grille is arranged at the bottom of the waste slag secondary separation room, and an inverted cone-shaped air bowl is arranged on the second slag grille, which is arranged in the center of the waste slag secondary separation room. The utility model provides a waste heat recovery incinerator suitable for pharmaceutical solid waste, which has good combustion effect, complete reaction, can recover combustion waste heat, and can reduce energy consumption and waste treatment cost.
The invention discloses a sintering machine trolley. The sintering machine trolley comprises a car body and a car baffle arranged on both sides of the car body. The inner surface of the car baffle is coated with a heat insulation coating. The surface of the heat insulation coating is coated with a wear-resistant and anticorrosive coating. The sintering machine trolley of the invention can reduce the heat dissipation of the trolley, save energy, and at the same time help to improve the sintering yield.
The embodiment of the invention discloses a charging board, which comprises a main body which is detachably fixed in an electric vehicle, and a first electric power receiving component fixed on the main body for obtaining power support from the electric vehicle and / or for storing the electric quantity obtained from the electric vehicle; a fixed structure is arranged on the main body for fixing the electric scooter The power supplying part is arranged on the main body and is used for charging the electric scooter by wireless charging by using the electric energy obtained by the first electric power receiving component. Wherein, after the fixed structure is fixed to the electric scooter, the power supplying part is in a preset position relationship with the second electric power receiving part arranged in the electric scooter, so that the electric power supplying part can charge the electric scooter through the second electric power receiving part arranged in the electric scooter.
The invention belongs to the field of new energy, in particular to a charging gun for a new energy electric vehicle, comprising a gun body, a charging head fixedly connected at the front end of the gun body, a cavity in the gun body, and an insulating tube fixedly connected in the cavity, a liquid storage cavity is formed between the insulating tube and the cavity, the liquid storage cavity is filled with insulating fluid, both sides of the insulating tube are provided with conductive strips, and the two conductive strips are electrically connected with the power supply line and the charging head, respectively. The insulating tube is provided with a conductive plate, which is rotationally connected with the cavity, and the conductive plate can rotate along the axis of the insulating tube. Two arc grooves, two arc grooves symmetrically arranged on both sides of the inner wall of the insulating tube; two conductive blocks, the conductive block is an arc block, the two arc blocks are fixedly connected at both ends of the conductive plate, and the arc block coincides with the center of the insulating cylinder, and the arc block is slidably connected with the inner wall of the insulating cylinder. The invention can realize automatic power off when the temperature is too high, so as to improve the safety of the charging process, and can realize the fast heat dissipation effect.
The invention provides a street lamp charging pile intelligent reminding method and a system. According to the charging section of the owner, the past default rate of the owner on the road section is obtained; the breach of contract means that the owner has made an appointment to charge at the charging post of the street lamp at the agreed time, but does not drive the car within the preset period of time after the charging is completed; obtain the charging power of the car, and when the charging power exceeds the preset proportion, judge whether it is necessary to obtain the location of the owner according to the default rate of the owner. According to whether the owner can come back on time to move the car, predict the probability of default of the charging owner; remind the owner in advance to come and move the car in time; if the owner does not come back to move the car within the specified time after the charging is completed, remind the owner that it may cause traffic congestion, and the liquidated damages will be deducted automatically; look for the parking lot near the road section, recommend the parking lot location to the car owner, and remind the owner to move the car as soon as possible. The invention intelligently reminds the car charging in the street lamp charging pile, which can make the reminder content more targeted, personalized and intelligent, and can make more car owners reduce the breach of contract of charging and reduce traffic congestion.
In order to detect the degradation of the DC link capacitor between the DC power supply and the inverter load in the electric propulsion vehicle, the capacitance of the link capacitor must be accurately measured during practical use. Establish charging on the link capacitor. Isolate the capacitor from the power supply and inverter load. Activate the constant current circuit to discharge the capacitor. The first voltage at both ends of the capacitor is measured at the first time during the discharge. The second voltage at both ends of the capacitor is measured at a second time during the discharge. The discharge current from the capacitor is measured during the discharge. According to the ratio of the discharge current multiplied by the difference between the second and first time and the difference between the first and second voltages, the capacitance is calculated. The monitoring calculation shows that the capacitance of the fault decreases.
The invention belongs to the technical field of new energy charging, and specifically discloses a charging device of a new energy vehicle, comprising a charging pile body, which is an underground charging pile, and the charging pile body is lifted out of the ground through a lifting device. The lifting device is arranged underground, and the lifting device is connected with a plurality of automobile pressure plates, each of which is arranged on the ground. The automobile pressing plate is connected with the ground through a spring A plurality of charging units are arranged on the charging pile body. The purpose is that the car lifts the charging pile through the lifting device, so that after the charged vehicle leaves, the charging pile will not fall because of the departure of the car, but when all the cars charged on one charging pile leave, it can meet the requirements of charging multiple vehicles at the same time, accelerate the charging efficiency of new energy vehicles, meet a variety of use occasions, and is easy to popularize.
The invention discloses an intelligent charging system for an electric vehicle based on data processing, which comprises a charging parking space, a gate at the entrance, a gravity sensor at the bottom, a charging plug and a charging plug. The external sleeve of the charging plug is provided with a first docking device; the charging pile is provided with a first signal transmitting module; a charging Jack connected with the charging plug; and a power monitoring device, which is arranged on the body of the electric vehicle. The power monitoring device includes a second signal receiving module, a monitoring module, a reminder module and a GPS positioning module; a planning module is arranged in the GPS positioning module. By setting the communication connection between the electric vehicle and the charging pile, the electric vehicle can reach the charging pile in time to charge; by setting the communication connection between the electric vehicle and the gate of the charging parking space, the non-rechargeable vehicle occupies the charging parking space; by installing a first docking device on the outside of the charging plug, the personal safety is ensured and the damage of the electric vehicle caused by improper charging is avoided.
The invention discloses an electric vehicle community charging real-time optimal scheduling method, which takes the real-time charging state data detected at the beginning of the optimization scheduling cycle as the input parameter of the optimal scheduling calculation, and optimizes the system optimization scheduling model. Under the premise of satisfying the constraint conditions, the calculation result minimizes the objective function value, that is, charging the electric vehicle in the current period according to the optimal scheduling scheme. The charge required is the least. The optimization calculation adopts real-time calculation, and each scheduling cycle j is calculated once, and the whole optimization calculation is divided into three steps: the first step, the data preprocessing before the scheduling cycle; the second step, the establishment of the scheduling optimization model according to the results of the first step; the third step, the genetic optimization algorithm is used to calculate the optimal decision value of the model. The invention minimizes the charging cost of the electric vehicle on the premise of satisfying sufficient electricity, and ensures the safety and economy of the residential power grid and the demand of the user for charging electricity.
The invention relates to the field of archaeological detection and discloses a method for preparing monoclonal antibodies against silkworm silk fibroin. In this method, Bombyx mori silk fibroin protein was extracted by the mixed system of isooctane, n-octanol, sodium bis (2-ethylhexyl) succinate sulfonate and polyvinylpyridine quaternary ammonium salt, and then Bombyx mori silk fibroin protein was injected into rabbits as complete antigens. The rabbits with high immune titer were selected and fused with myeloma cells. The hybridoma cells were cultured and the secreted antibodies were positive by indirect ELISA method. The strains with strong antibody secretion ability and good cell growth state were cloned by limited dilution method until the antibody secretion positive rate of hybridoma cells was 100%. The selected cells were used for large transfer production, and then the monoclonal antibodies were purified by chromatography column. The antibody prepared by the invention has strong specificity, and has the advantages of simple and fast operation and high detection accuracy in the application process.
The invention discloses an aspergillus Niger ester hydrolase AnCu3, the amino acid sequence of which is shown in SEQ ID No.1, and also discloses that the Aspergillus Niger ester hydrolase AnCu3 catalyzes the hydrolysis of a plasticizer phthalate bis (2-phthalate) in an aqueous phase system. Application of ethylhexyl ester (DEHP). For the first time, the invention provides a kind of Aspergillus Niger which can catalyze the hydrolysis of phthalate. The enzyme and coding gene of ethyl hexyl ester are hydrolyzed bis (2) phthalate. Ethyl hexyl ester provides a new way.
The invention discloses a method for extracting pentanediamine by microwave, which is characterized in that the pentylenediamine in the system is volatilized in the form of gas phase by acting on the system containing pentylenediamine by microwave. Steam containing pentylenediamine or aqueous solution containing pentylenediamine is obtained, thus achieving the purpose of separating pentanediamine, and then further purifying and preparing pentanediamine pure product or preparing pentanediamine dicarboxylate. The invention has the advantages that the extraction efficiency of pentylenediamine is high, the extraction yield is high, and the separation of pentanediamine from impurities such as pigment, miscellaneous protein, inorganic salt and the like can be realized by one-step method.
The method of simultaneous extraction of sesame oil and sesame polypeptide powder by aqueous enzymatic method belongs to the technical field of grain and oil biological processing. The invention solves the problems of low extraction rate of sesame oil, variability of protein after oil extraction, low utilization rate, as well as high energy consumption and cost. Ultrasound? The extraction process combined with step-by-step enzymatic hydrolysis technology, simultaneous extraction of sesame oil and sesame polypeptide powder. The peeled white sesame was treated by wall breaking and ultrasonic treatment successively; the turbid liquid of sesame was hydrolyzed step by step to get 1 free oil, emulsion, hydrolysate and residue; the emulsion was demulsified to get 2 free oil. the hydrolysate was hydrolyzed by enzymatic hydrolysis, ultrafiltration, vacuum concentration and spray drying. The invention has the advantages of low extraction temperature, not easy denaturation of protein and high oil extraction rate, and can simultaneously obtain high-quality green sesame oil and sesame polypeptide powder, and the prepared polypeptide can be used as raw material for health food and pharmaceuticals. it has remarkable economic, environmental and social benefits.
The invention provides a method for synthesizing ether aminated cyclodextrin derivatives. The mixture of p-Toluenesulfonyl cyclodextrin and polyetheramine was mixed at a molar ratio of 1 to 2. 8, completely dissolved with DMF, adjusted pH to 5.5 to 6.5 with hydrochloric acid solution, reacted for 2 hours at 60 mol / 100 ℃ for 24 h, concentrated and dialyzed, and then eluted by column chromatography. Deoxygenation? Polyether amine cyclodextrin. The sheet prepared by the invention?? 6? Deoxygenation? Polyether amine cyclodextrin can completely include bioactive molecules with large molecular weight, complex molecular structure and easy oxidation in the environment, thus greatly improving the stability of bioactive molecules in the natural environment. The ether aminated cyclodextrin synthesized by the invention is expected to be widely used in food, cosmetics and biomedical fields.
The invention belongs to the technical field of food and processing, and relates to a processing method of aquatic products, in particular to a solid fish roe soy sauce and a processing method thereof. The product of the invention is rich in nutrition and is especially suitable for children and the elderly. The production cycle is short, and it is convenient for preservation and transportation. The technical route of the invention is as follows: raw material selection of fish egg, pre-treatment → cleaning, screening → deodorization treatment, → ingredient → fermentation → filtration, sterilization → vacuum concentration → ultrasonic assisted drying → ultra-fine crushing → molding → packaging. The fish roe solid soy sauce of the invention has unique fresh flavor of fish roe after instant solution, and has no unpleasant smell; it is salty, sweet and delicious, and is rich in functional DHA, EPA, lysine and other rich nutrients, and is especially suitable for children and the elderly. Through deodorization, enzymatic hydrolysis, fermentation and other processes to work together to remove fishy smell, so that the product is also suitable for consumers who are sensitive to fishy smell, and the production cycle is short.
The invention discloses a method for extracting sea cucumber oil from sea cucumber viscera, which goes through the following steps: (I) fresh sea cucumber viscera is washed, drained and chopped; (II) the fragments obtained in step I are heated, stirred and then mixed with water; (III) ethanol and food grade diatomite are added to the mixture obtained by step II, and sodium carbonate is added after papain fermentation. (IV) vacuum the mixture obtained in step III under stirring; (V) evaporate the mixture obtained in step III under reduced pressure and freeze-dry; and (VI) carry out supercritical carbon dioxide extraction of the freeze-dried sea cucumber product obtained from step IV to obtain sea cucumber oil product. The method of the invention has reasonable process and feasible operation, can efficiently produce sea cucumber oil with low histamine content, makes full use of the waste from the bottom of processing sea cucumbers, increases the added value of the product, and avoids waste.
The invention discloses a method for preparing pudding using poultry egg processing by-products, which comprises the following steps: (1) 100.35 parts of egg white gel or desalted and salted egg white gel, 15 parts of egg yolk gel added to 52 parts of 77 parts of water, broken by mixer, homogenized treatment to obtain gel broken particle suspension, which is degassed. (2) after degassing, gel broken particle suspension and 7 parts of sucrose, 0.4 parts of sucrose, 0.4 parts of compound thickener, 0.05 parts of potassium chloride and 0.1 parts of essence were stirred at a slow speed, and then placed in a water bath of 70 to 85 ℃ to obtain colloidal solution. (3) the colloid solution obtained from step (2) was filtered and filled, sterilized at high temperature and cooled to get pudding. The pudding has a protein content of 2%-5%, high nutritional value, simple process, low cost and a shelf life of 12 months.
The invention discloses a silicone rubber immobilized chymotrypsin material and a preparation method and application thereof. Chymotrypsin is used as a model enzyme, chymotrypsin is modified with undecenyl chloride in phosphate buffer, and sulfur is used. The alkene clicks the chemical method and will poly [3]? Mercaptopropyl methylsiloxane, olefin cross-linking agent, modified chymotrypsin and photoinitiator were uniformly mixed and photocrosslinked and immobilized under UV environment. The immobilized catalyst in the invention can be recycled by centrifugation or filtration, has good high temperature resistance and high yield of promoting peptide synthesis, and has significantly improved reuse stability compared with the original enzyme. The preparation method of the invention has the advantages of simple preparation method, high efficiency and low cost, and is beneficial to the industrial use of enzyme catalytic synthesis.
The invention relates to a nutritious food for protecting heart and promoting liver health, comprising the following raw materials: Cordyceps militaris (20 parts by weight), Agaricus blazei Murrill (20 parts), birch mushroom (20 parts), Grifola frondosa (15 parts), Poria cocos (20 parts), Pueraria lobata (15 parts), Saussurea culture (dry products) 0.5 parts (10 parts), Yuganzi 0.5 parts (10 parts), ground protein 0.5 parts (15 parts). 10 parts of corn oligopeptide powder, 10 parts of Chia seed and 10 parts of flaxseed. The nutritious food of the invention which protects the heart and promotes the health of the liver has remarkable curative effect and has good clinical popularizing value.
The invention belongs to the field of microbiological technology, in particular to a method for producing animal food additives by bacterial protein, which in turn comprises the following steps: A. the source of the fermentation broth: the bacterial residue is obtained by dissolving the dry bacteria into water or by filtering the industrial fermentation broth. B, enzymatic hydrolysis reaction solution: adjust the pH value of bacterial residue to 6.5-7.0, add 0.08%~1.2%w/v taurine and 0.07%-0.09% dry weight of bacterial residue with compound protease, adjust the temperature to 55-62 degrees Celsius for enzymatic hydrolysis. C, seasoning treatment of the reaction solution: adding 1.8% 2.2% calcium citrate and 0.8% citric acid in the dry weight of the bacterial residue, evenly mixing for 1 hour to obtain the finished liquid; and concentration and drying of the finished liquid. The preparation method of the bacterial protease hydrolysate of the invention is simple, and the raw material sources are rich and extensive, and the most important thing is that the use of the method greatly reduces the pressure of the fermentation industry on the surrounding environment.
The invention provides a shrimp protein. Konjac glucomannan compound gel food and preparation method thereof. The raw materials include: shrimp egg paste 20%, starch 2%, konjac glucomannan powder 1%, edible alkali 0.01%, and the rest is water. The percentage is the mass percentage of the total raw material. The preparation method includes: 1) mixing shrimp protein surimi and starch; 2) adding konjac glucomannan powder to water and setting until konjac glucomannan powder is fully swollen; shrimp protein surimi? The starch mixture is mixed with fully swollen konjac glucomannan gel; 3) add edible lye; 4) stand for 0.5 ℃ for 4 hours, extrude and cook for 60 minutes, cool quickly and rinse in water. The invention has the unique flavor of seafood, improves the taste of single konjac glucomannan gel, has good food safety, convenient storage and transportation, and can be used as the main material or ingredient of various aquatic protein foods.
The invention belongs to the technical field of food and mainly relates to a method for preparing nutritious rapeseed oil rich in natural phytosterols by microwave assistance. The utility model is characterized in that it mainly comprises the following steps: microwave-assisted saponification of rapeseed oil deodorizing distillate, filtration concentration, rapeseed oil extraction, water washing and drying, in which ethanol is concentrated under reduced pressure and can be recovered and reused. Compared with the prior art, the invention has the advantages of low separation cost, safe reaction, high yield and rich raw materials.
The invention provides a uranium extractant with styrylphosphonic acid diester structure and its application. The liquid extraction system containing styrylphosphonic acid diester is mixed with the material liquid containing uranium to obtain the uranium extraction solution and the uranium extraction tail liquid, which can realize the enrichment and extraction of uranium. The use of styrylphosphonic acid diester as extractant not only has a good effect on the extraction and separation of uranium in different acid media, but also can effectively reduce the cost of uranium separation. Especially for uranyl nitrate, the extraction performance of uranyl nitrate is good, and the phase separation effect can be effectively improved when extracting uranyl sulfate with P204.
The invention provides a second loop system of nuclear power, which comprises a steam generator system, a main steam system and a main feed water system. The steam generator system comprises a steam generator, a main steam isolation valve and a main feed water isolation valve. The steam generator is located in the safety shell. The main steam isolation valve, the main steam system, the main feed water isolation valve and the main feed water system are located outside the safety shell, and a first pipeline is arranged between the steam generator and the main steam isolation valve. A second pipeline is arranged between the main steam isolation valve and the main steam system, a third pipeline is arranged between the steam generator and the main feed water isolation valve, and a fourth pipeline is arranged between the main feed water isolation valve and the main feed water system. the first pipeline and the third pipeline have the same design pressure as the primary circuit reactor coolant system. In the second loop system of nuclear power, when the heat transfer tube of the steam generator breaks, it can avoid leaking radioactive material to the environment and prevent the overpressure of the reactor building caused by mass and energy release.
The utility model belongs to the technical field of gas detection, in particular to a radiation-resistant hydrogen detector for nuclear power, comprising a gas transmitter and a sensor, which are separated. The utility model solves the problem that the nuclear anti-radiation hydrogen detector in the domestic market can not be directly used in the nuclear island, and has the functions of adjusting the output voltage signal through the knob on the potentiometer and flexibly adjusting the length of the transmission cable through the wiring terminal.
The invention provides a device and a method for testing the shutdown function of a nuclear power reactor protection system, wherein, the method comprises a unit for determining the shutdown state value, which is used for inputting the shutdown parameter signal of the nuclear power reactor into the normal operating nuclear power reactor protection system to determine a shutdown state value. The model construction unit is used for establishing a shutdown processing model according to the shutdown processing logic of the nuclear power reactor protection system, and inputting the shutdown parameter signal into the shutdown processing model to determine a shutdown simulation value; the correlation processing unit is used for correlation processing between the shutdown state value and the shutdown simulation value to determine the correlation between them. By correlating the actual shutdown state value with the modeled shutdown simulation value, the invention can verify the correctness of the shutdown function of the nuclear power reactor protection system.
The invention is applicable to the technical field of financial transactions and provides a bill processing device, a method, a self-service financial equipment and a terminal device. The invention includes a ticket deposit port, a ticket distribution module, an identification module, a commutator, a ticket box, a refund slot, a bill information detection module and a bill information detection module. The bill information detection module is used to detect the position information of the bill in the bill processing device. And feedback the position information so that the bill processing device processes the bill according to the position information, and detects the position information of the bill located in the bill processing device through the bill information detection module. then feedback the specific location information of the bill to control the bill processing device to process the bill, which can process the bill in the bill processing device sensitively and systematically. It can effectively solve the problems of low sensitivity and inability to deal with bill business systematically in the existing bill processing devices.
The invention discloses a matching method and a device based on a production mode, relating to the field of computer technology. A specific implementation of the method includes: according to the loan amount of the loan order, the investment amount of the investment order and the grouping amount threshold, the loan order and the investment order are grouped respectively to get the loan order set and the investment order set; analyze the difference between the total borrowing amount of the loan order set and the investment total amount of the investment order set, and determine the matching relationship between the loan order set and the investment order set with the difference within the predetermined difference range. In the determined matching relationship, we traverse the difference between each loan order in the loan order set and each investment order in the investment order set, and determine that the investment order with the smallest difference matches the corresponding loan order. In this implementation, a new production line processing mode is proposed, which uses the producer-consumer model for data calculation to replace the traditional thread pool model to achieve the perfect and efficient matching of loan orders and investment orders, and ensure the smooth execution of the transaction.
The invention relates to an aircraft service system and a passing method. The system includes a navigation planning system on the aircraft and a management terminal of the air area. the navigation planning system on the aircraft interacts with the management terminal of the air area. the management terminals are divided into different areas, and a management area is paired and set up a management terminal, which takes the electronic fence as the boundary, and the management terminal manages the traffic of the air area and communicates with others. And record and save the passing information. Based on the system of the invention, the aircraft can update the planned flight route in real time and realize decentralized air route planning and passage.
The invention relates to an insurance information processing method, which comprises the following steps: a salesman terminal acquires user information; a protocol template file of the type of insurance to be handled is obtained, and the protocol template file includes a Prophase protocol template file A first insurance protocol file in a first format corresponding to the user information is generated according to the user information and the previous protocol template file. the first insurance agreement file contains a corresponding first identification code for uniquely identifying the first insurance protocol file; the first insurance protocol file of each first format is converted into a corresponding first insurance protocol file of the second format. The first insurance protocol file of the second format is uploaded to the server. Compared with the traditional preservation of the first insurance agreement file based on paper, this method improves the efficiency of insurance information processing. In addition, an insurance information processing device and an insurance information processing system are provided.
The invention discloses a large field of view image three-dimensional reconstruction optimization method based on a multi-spherical camera model. Based on the parallax and color constraints between different stereo pairs, the 3D spatial points with large errors are filtered; by obtaining the matching point pairs in different point clouds, the coordinate mean value of each matching point pair is calculated to obtain a smooth reference point cloud; for each point cloud, the affine transformation parameters are obtained and approximately transformed to the reference point cloud region; for multiple groups of point clouds after transformation, the position of the fusion point cloud is fine-tuned according to the normal vector and distance information. The invention effectively fuses multiple groups of point clouds and improves the integrity and accuracy of the final point clouds.
A multi-cylinder wave power generation device driven based on the principle of wave force energy relates to the technical field of marine engineering, which includes a main bracket. A rotating shaft is movably connected in the middle of the main bracket, and a push rod is movably connected on the outside of the rotating shaft. The upper and lower sides of the main bracket are movably connected with an upper driving mechanism and a lower driving mechanism, and the front of the push rod is movably connected with fixed bolts. The left and right ends of the main bracket are fixedly connected with a positioning seat, the front of the positioning seat is fixedly connected with two limit blocks, and a movable rod is movably connected between the two limit blocks. The multi-cylinder wave power generation device based on the principle of wave force energy is used as the power source without the help of external force, which reduces the cost of the device and improves the practicability of the device. in addition to being used at sea, the device can also be applied to rivers or lakes with large water surface and high flow velocity, and the applicability of the device is improved.
The utility model discloses a marine tracking monitoring and searching device with an anti-seismic and optical axis adjusting mechanism, which relates to the field of sea area monitoring. The device comprises a base, a pitching frame and an airtight pitching bag. The airtight pitching bag is connected with the base through the pitching frame. A sensor bracket is arranged in the airtight pitching bag, and a number of sensors are arranged on the sensor bracket, and the sensor includes a lens. The sensor bracket comprises a mounting platform, a plurality of sensors are distributed above and below the installation platform, and a shock absorber is arranged at the place where the installation platform is connected with the inner wall of the airtight pitching bag; the outer sleeve of the lens is connected with the installation frame, and the lens is connected with the installation platform through the installation frame, and the installation frame and the installation platform are fixed through a plurality of installation holes located in the same plane. The utility model can avoid the sensor vibration caused by the boat vibration, effectively improve the image quality, improve the shock resistance of the lens, prolong the service life of the lens, and reduce the use cost.
A seismic device includes one or more seismic cable systems configured to collect seismic data, each having one or more of the following: a cable sheath, a reservoir for ballast fluid or other ballast medium, and an actuator or other transmission mechanism configured to transfer ballast fluid between the reservoir and the seismic cable system during seismic data acquisition, such as The ballast fluid is transferred to the seismic cable system in the cable sheath. The controller may be configured to adjust the buoyancy of the seismic cable system in response to the transfer of the ballast fluid, for example, where the internal volume expands or shrinks based on the fluid transfer.
An intelligent grasping device for an underwater moving target is provided, which comprises a group of grasping units, a grasping net (2) and a base (3). The connecting end of the connecting arm of each grasping unit (1) is provided with a joint steering gear and a rotating frame driven by it. The controller can control each joint steering engine to rotate its connecting arm, and the grasping net (2) is located in the enclosed space between the grasping units (1). The head end of the grab net (2) is connected to the base (3) through a total pull rope (4), and the outermost end of the connecting arm of each grab unit (1) is provided with a trawl robot (19) which can be separated from it and travel independently in the water. A locking mechanism is arranged between the outer end of the connecting arm and the trawl robot (19). Each trawl robot (19) is respectively equipped with an opening end of a separate pull rope connected to the grasping net (2), and a fastening mechanism is arranged between the grasping unit group and the grasping net (2) to fasten the port of the grasping net (2). It is convenient to grasp underwater moving targets.
The utility model discloses a shunt for offshore oil drilling riser system, which comprises a drilling platform, the interior of the drilling platform is provided with a drilling riser, the top sleeve of the drilling riser is provided with a connecting casing, the top of the connecting casing is fixedly connected with a shunt body, the outer surface of the connecting casing is fixedly connected with two groups of symmetrical clasps, and the outer surface of the drilling riser is fixedly connected with two groups of symmetrical shackles. The bottom surface of the shunt body is fixedly connected with two groups of symmetrical threaded cylinders, the upper surface of the drilling platform is fixedly embedded with two groups of symmetrical bearings, and the inner ring of each bearing is fixedly connected with a threaded rod. The shunt of the offshore oil drilling riser system can temporarily connect the shunt body with the drilling riser by clasping and lapping, the fixed ring is matched with the threaded rod and the threaded cylinder, and the fixed ring is rotated by the rotating handle. the threaded rod can be rotated inside the threaded barrel, thus connecting the shunt body with the drilling platform.
The invention discloses a winch, belonging to the field of mechanical equipment. In fact, when it is necessary to control the driving clutch, hydraulic oil is injected into the first oil hole or the second oil hole, and the hydraulic oil enters the cavity formed between the circular groove of the driving ring and the annular bulge of the spindle, and slides along the axis of the spindle under the action of hydraulic oil, so as to realize the connection and separation of the claw structure. The overall space occupied by the pushing device is relatively small, the installation of the winch in some narrow spaces can be realized, and the versatility of the winch has also been improved.
The invention discloses a method and a system for simulating the amount of bit protruding in the process of deep water conduit entry. The method comprises the following steps: preparing layered soil for experiment based on the soil distribution of the target seafloor area; wherein, the layered soil is arranged in the soil box; the predetermined experimental conditions are maintained and the bit protruding amount is adjusted by adjusting the adjusting mechanism. The reference signals corresponding to the pressure sensor, the tension sensor, the displacement sensor and the jet pump are collected, wherein the reference signal includes a pressure signal, a tension signal, a displacement signal and a hydraulic signal; based on the reference signal, the protruding amount of the target bit in the process of deep water conduit entry under predetermined experimental conditions is selected. The simulation method and system of the bit protruding amount in the deep water conduit entry process provided by the invention can simulate and evaluate the bit protruding amount in the deep water conduit entry process.
The utility model relates to a floating platform structure on water, which comprises a floating platform formed by a number of buoyancy units connected sequentially. The buoyancy unit comprises a number of buoyancy matrixes connected sequentially. The buoyancy matrix comprises a buoyancy plate, a base, a floating body and a supporting rod. A number of bases are arranged at intervals along the length direction on the bottom surface of the floating plate, a floating body is arranged between the adjacent bases, and the upper sides of the floating body are provided with sockets for holding the supporting rod body. Two openings for penetrating the dense support bar are symmetrically arranged on the base, the two sides of the base are provided with side plates, the adjacent base on the adjacent buoyancy unit is fixed with a buffer fixed on the opposite face, and a ring rubber part is sandwiched between the buffer fixture. the upper and lower ends of the outer end of the buffer fixed seat are symmetrically provided with grooves capable of buckling into the ring rubber parts. The adjacent bases on the adjacent buoyancy units are connected by the connectors passing through the ring rubber parts, the floating platform structure is easy to build, and the stability and resistance to wind and waves are significantly improved.
The invention discloses a general aviation mixed operation flight conflict resolution method and a system thereof. The general aviation mixed operation flight conflict resolution method and system provided by the invention determine the flight mission priority of each general aircraft according to the flight mission priority sequence table and the flight tasks of two general aircraft with potential flight conflicts, and then resolve the flight conflict based on the flight mission priority: the general aircraft with high mission priority maintain the original flight state. The flight behavior adjustment of the general aircraft with low mission priority fully takes into account the flight mission difference characteristics of each general aircraft in the actual flight process, and realizes the autonomous relief of flight conflict based on the mission priority. It is practical and can meet the needs and requirements of general aircraft for conflict resolution and autonomous decision-making, and to promote the reform of low-altitude airspace. It is of great significance to realize the autonomy and intelligence of navigation operation.
The invention discloses a drive system based on a coaxial dual-rotor aircraft, which comprises a power supply unit, a brushless dual electromechanical port motor and two pairs of rotors; the power supply unit is connected with two electric ports of the brushless dual electromechanical port motor; the two pairs of rotors are respectively correspondingly connected with the two mechanical ports of the brushless dual electromechanical port motor; the power supply unit provides electric energy for the brushless dual electromechanical port motor. The invention adopts a brushless double electromechanical port motor to drive the two rotors to generate lift and maintain their balance, and there is no mechanical contact. compared with the drive system of the traditional coaxial double rotors aircraft, the mechanical transmission mechanism needs to be adopted to turn the two rotors to the opposite direction, and the structure of the invention is more simple. At the same time, the control of the two rotors is transformed from mechanical control to electrical control, which enhances the reliability of the whole drive system.
The invention discloses a compound control method for electric turning and pendulum reduction of aircraft front wheels, which relates to the control technology of aircraft turning and pendulum reduction. According to the compound control method, different control modes are determined by different control instructions, the target value of motor torque / current is obtained by closed loop control in turn control mode, the target value of damping torque / current is obtained by damping calculation in pendulum reduction control mode, and PWM regulation signal is generated through the same torque / current controller according to the target value. Finally, according to the PWM regulation signal, the operation control of the same motor is realized through the same motor drive unit to achieve the purpose of turning or reducing pendulum. Through this control method, the turning and swing reduction functions share a set of motor actuators, which simplifies the structure of the actuators and reduces the weight of the landing gear.
The invention discloses a longitudinal swing amplitude control method for airdrop hanging of unmanned helicopter, which includes adaptive estimation of unknown parameters before and after airdrop and control method of swing amplitude of unmanned helicopter after airdrop suspension based on BLF method. Through the technical proposal of the invention, the accurate control of the swing amplitude in the altitude direction can be realized in the case of sudden mass change after the helicopter airdrop, and the safety of the airdrop operation of the unmanned helicopter is improved. it provides the possibility for airdrop of unmanned helicopter in low altitude and complex environment, and provides a feasible control scheme for other control system application scenes with parameter mutation. The invention realizes accurate quantitative control of the swing amplitude in the stabilization process, and has the advantages of accurate estimation of parameters and better control of the longitudinal swing amplitude.
The invention discloses a multi-flight attitude flapping wing micro air vehicle, comprising a frame comprising a fuselage, wherein one end of the fuselage is vertically provided with a mounting plate, and the other end is provided with a horizontal tail and a vertical tail; two flapping wing mechanisms, two motor drive mechanisms and two gear deceleration mechanisms are symmetrically arranged on both sides of the fuselage; and the bottom of the fuselage is provided with a battery box and a flight control board electrically connected with the battery box. One end of the vertical tail is rotated and connected with a rudder; two symmetrical wires are arranged on both sides of the rudder, and the two wires are respectively connected with the two motor drive mechanisms; the flapping wing mechanism includes a connecting rod which is rotationally connected with the side of the placement plate near the top, and the other end of the connecting rod is fixedly connected with the flapping wing, and the connecting rod is rotated and connected with the output end of the gear reduction mechanism through the rocker. The motor driving mechanism includes a fixing frame arranged on one side of the placement plate, and the fixing frame is located near the side of the fuselage.
A multi-channel pulsed arc plasma flow control circuit system is provided, comprising a flat plate (1), a discharge electrode (2), an excitation block (3), a high frequency pulse power supply (4), and a cylindrical vertical through hole (5) machined on the excitation block for fixing the electrode. A method for promoting boundary layer transition by multi-channel pulsed arc plasma excitation is also provided. Through the new idea of multi-channel pulsed arc plasma excitation, the disturbance region can be effectively increased, the disturbance frequency can be increased, and the supersonic boundary layer transition can be promoted.
The invention discloses an adaptive fully automatic fast rail change system, wherein the opposite pairwise rail change execution components are installed on the same rail transfer table, and the relatively parallel pairwise rail change execution components are installed on the same side guide rail section group. the rail change drive assembly and the traveling drive assembly are installed on the same side of the chassis. The traveling drive component transmits the power to the rail transfer executive assembly through the unilateral synchronous tooth belt, and the rail transfer drive component transmits the power to the rail transfer executive assembly through the bilateral synchronous tooth belt. In the initial state, the turntable is connected with multiple guide segments in the guide assembly to form a continuous track. When working, the two groups of rail-changing execution components perpendicular to the forward direction turn 90 degrees respectively in the relative direction, driving the rail-changing guide on the rail-changing turntable to rotate 90 degrees, and complete the docking of the rail-changing rail in the vertical direction of the guideway, so as to complete the right-angle rail-to-rail action.
The invention discloses a device for detecting the radiation risk of a spacecraft in orbit, which comprises a detector shell and seven built-in detection units, each of which is composed of a temperature sensor and a total dose detector. among them, the shell directly above the detection unit needs to be perforated to ensure that it is not shielded by the shell; the other group of detection units directly use the spacecraft shell as the shield to detect. The other five groups of detection units set up metal shielding layers with different thickness to detect different space radiation effects, each group of detection units are placed on the middle circuit board, and the temperature and total dose are collected by the circuit board. The invention has the advantages of simple structure, small volume, light weight, low power consumption and the like, and can realize the risk discrimination of different spatial radiation effects, such as surface charge and discharge effect, total dose effect, single particle effect, displacement damage effect, internal charging effect and so on.
Includes devices and methods related to autonomous aviation communications. The computing device can detect the data associated with the related event, determine the information related to the event and the target aircraft of the information that should be communicated, and identify one or more operation parameters of the target aircraft. and based on these operation parameters, a language associated with the target aircraft is selected, and a message expressing the information is generated in the selected language and transmitted to the target aircraft.
The invention relates to an aircraft telex braking system capable of automatic braking and a braking method thereof. the automatic brake switch is installed in the cockpit; the automatic brake switch is electrically connected with the hydraulic valve through the cable. The automatic brake switch is manually operated by the driver to control the supply or disconnection of power to the hydraulic valve, and to control the hydro-electric valve to turn on or disconnect the hydraulic valve. The invention uses the existing mature accessories to construct an automatic braking system, so that the normal braking system of the aircraft has the automatic braking ability, improves and expands the operation selection range of the normal braking system, and maximizes the binding torque that can be provided by the runway. Therefore, under the braking mode of using automatic brakes, the landing taxiing distance is shortened by about 35% compared with conventional brakes, which ensures the safety of aircraft take-off and landing, improves the utilization rate of airport runway and equipment, and has obvious economic, social and military benefits.
The invention relates to a UAV, a UAV control system, a UAV control method and a UAV landing control method. The UAV comprises a fuselage, a power device connected to the fuselage, a control device and a take-off and landing device arranged on the fuselage. The power device and the take-off and landing device are respectively electrically connected with the control device; the control device includes a landing surface detection assembly, which is used for controlling the working mode of the power device and the take-off and landing device when the landing surface detection component detects that the landing destination of the UAV is the water surface, so that the UAV can land and navigate on the water surface. The above-mentioned drones can fly in the air or in the water.
The invention discloses an easy-to-disassemble tail structure with adjustable installation angle, which securely connects the front and rear beams of the tail with the rotating casing of the front and rear beams by bonding, thereby realizing the turning point of the force transmission route and enabling the tail to have the ability to change the installation angle. The front beam rotation sleeve connected to the front beam is connected to the front beam fixed to the fuselage partition frame, and the rear beam rotation shaft fixed to the rear beam is connected to the rear beam fixed shaft fixed to the movable base. When the installation angle needs to be adjusted, the adjustment of the installation angle can be completed by loosening the aluminum hoop fixing the rotating casing of the front beam and the screw fixing the movable base of the rear beam, rotating the tail wing around the rotation axis of the front beam at a specified angle, and then tightening the aluminum hoop and screw. On the premise of ensuring the structural strength of the tail, the invention can easily disassemble the V tail and adjust its installation angle, so that the aircraft can adapt to different longitudinal trimming requirements and reduce the risk and cost at the initial stage of aircraft development.
The invention discloses a landing page processing method and a landing page processing device; the method comprises the following steps: obtaining a feature tag of at least one dimension of the target user submitted by the source user; based on the record data of the published landing page, determine the access user corresponding to the published landing page, and determine the behavior parameters of the landing page corresponding to the visiting user with the feature label The landing page whose behavior parameters meet the preset conditions is selected; the information of the source user is embedded in the selected landing page, and the landing page adapted to the source user is obtained. By implementing the invention, the efficiency of creating a landing page on the source user side can at least be improved, and the behavior parameters such as the page conversion rate of the landing page can be improved.
The invention discloses an information processing method. The method comprises the following steps: a first process acquires a plurality of data requests from a plurality of query request terminals, the plurality of which includes two or more; the first process distributes the plurality of data requests to a plurality of second processes; the second process arranges the data requests into a statistical queue; the third process acquires data requests from the statistical queue The third process acquires a preset first strategy and extracts statistical parameters from the data request according to the first strategy; the third process acquires first statistical information from the storage device and updates the first statistical information according to the statistical parameters; the third process writes the updated first statistical information into the storage device. The invention also discloses an information processing device.
The utility model discloses an advertising machine suitable for security, which comprises a support frame, the upper end of the support frame is provided with a display screen, the display screen is connected with the shell, and the shell is provided with an Android motherboard; one side of the Android motherboard is provided with a power terminal connected with the power supply board, and the power supply board supplies power to the Android motherboard and the 4G board at the same time; a 4G board terminal connected with the 4G board is also arranged, and an antenna is connected to the 4G board. The other side is provided with a double eight LVDS terminal and a backlight terminal connected with the display screen, a horn terminal connected with the left channel horn and the right channel horn, a system upgrade terminal connected with the USB interface board, and a camera terminal connected with the camera. The utility model has the advantages of simple structure, convenient use, safety and reliability, and good concealment, and transmits the face record to the client server in real time, which provides great convenience and good concealment for the security work, and is widely used in many occasions such as the station, the hotel lobby and the like.
The invention discloses an advertisement delivery control method and a device to solve the problem of low accuracy of the advertisement delivery mode based on region orientation in the prior art. The method includes: receiving the advertisement delivery request, carrying the IP address in the advertisement delivery request; finding the preset geographic location information corresponding to the IP address, which includes the smallest administrative area unit contained in the IP address The advertisement delivery data corresponding to the geographic location information is obtained; according to the advertisement placement data, it is determined whether the advertisement requested by the advertisement is allowed to be placed, and the scheme can make the advertisement delivery more accurate. reduce the situation that the advertising effect is not ideal caused by inaccurate advertising.
The invention discloses an advertising data recommendation method and a system. The method includes: after receiving a browsing request from a user for the target advertising data, obtaining the user characteristic information of the user, inputting the user characteristic information into a pre-established relevance prediction model, obtaining the correlation between each advertising presentation form of the target advertising data and the browsing request, and recommending the target advertising data including the advertising presentation form that meets the preset conditions to the user. Because the embodiment of the invention determines the advertisement display form according to the user characteristic information of the user, and then determines the recommended advertisement data, the interest of the user in the advertisement data displayed is enhanced, the user experience is improved, and the invalid exposure with low click rate of advertisement data is reduced.
The invention discloses an advertisement push system based on big data, which includes a user information collection module, a big data collection module, a data processing module, a data analysis module, a model construction module, a user rating module, a master control module and an advertisement push module. Wherein, the user information collection module is used for collecting single customer data. The single customer data includes the content information of a single customer browsing the page, the mobile phone number information reserved when a single customer registers an account, a specified page search record of a single customer, the purchase record, the purchase amount and the number of times the advertisement is clicked. The big data collection module is used for collecting public data, which includes all users' designated pages searching commodity records, purchase records, purchase amount and the number of clicks on advertisements; the invention can collect more data, so that users can more intuitively understand their own customer groups, and at the same time achieve less investment and greater benefits.
